With the announcement of the next mainline Halo title 343 Industries is set to match the number of releases made by Bungie Incorporated. Halo's new era is now the era. This is just one story on tonight's show. Join us for more on this and the rest of the week's gaming news starting right now on the show where every gamer has a voice.
Orange Lounge Radio
Hello my friends out there on the internet. Welcome back. It's another week of the show where every gamer has a voice. Orange Lounge Radio. Live tonight, episode number 742. For this, August 19th of 2018.
I'm Rob Roberts joined here in studio, studio N7 in Sacramento, California with my co-host, say hello to Techmaster Loki.
Hello.
Hi, how are you, Loki?
Good.
Good. You had a good week?
Yeah, it was alright.
Yeah, it was okay? Just okay? Just alright?
It was just alright, yes.
Okay, that's good. I had a pretty good weekend. Well, I had like some good stuff and some not so good stuff. So I went to San Francisco and I went to a concert. So probably nobody's ever heard of this artist but her name is Joanna Lee.
And she used to have like a band project called I Am Emma Who Am I? So maybe like two people out there have heard of this. So I went and saw the concert. It was great because I never like, you know, she's Swedish and probably doesn't, I think it's the first time she's ever toured in San Francisco.
I just on a whim found out about this concert. Like Spotify does like the whole like, hey, you listen to this artist a lot. You might want to know that they're coming to town. So I was like, bless you Spotify. Yes, I would like to know that.
So we bought tickets last week. We went and had a good time at the show, got to see our pal JD, stayed with him. Unfortunately, the next day coming home, oh boy, like traffic was terrible.
I took the wrong on-ramp onto the freeway because I was trying to like listen to Waze and stuff. You know how like Waze will sometimes be like in 1000 feet, take the on-ramp on the right. And it's like, I'm not exactly sure how far 1000 feet is, but I see an on-ramp right there.
Oh, that's the wrong on-ramp. Oh, great. Oh, it's bumper to bumper.
I installed Waze this week and then I looked at it and I'm like, no, no, I don't want this. And then I immediately uninstalled it.
There's some things I really like about Waze like the traffic updates, but some other people I know swear by the Google, which is weird that they're separate apps because my understanding is Google bought Waze, but Google has their own navigation app.
And the pros on that app is that it tells you like, get in the farthest right hand lane to make a left turn. Like it'll tell you what like lane to be in so that you can make your transitions easier. And I think that's great.
Yeah. And I do like that. And it does give me traffic updates and stuff like that. So that's nice. But I wanted something that most of the navigation apps, they will say, OK, take this street. It's always the main streets.
I'm like, there's traffic here. I want you to reroute me through the fucking neighborhoods if it's faster. And they don't do that. They just say, oh, sit in traffic and like, well, if I just go this way, which I know is faster, I'm going to be ahead of the traffic.
And yeah, I want and that's why I thought Waze was. I thought Waze was, oh, OK, this might be a little bit different where it's going to be a little bit more, you know, crowd sourced or whatever.
It is crowd sourced. It's it's it's hit and miss because sometimes the problem is it'll put you on the back roads because it knows that, you know, the freeway is crowded or whatever.
But then what the problem is, is it hasn't accurately measured all the traffic on the back roads yet. So you're stuck in traffic on the back roads. So it's like that's the.
But then, you know, it's like traffic is screwed up everywhere. What can you do? So but anyway, then so not just it was traffic.
Then we stop at a Starbucks and they like completely forgot to like make my drink, even though which is funny because Alan ordered two drinks and the sticker on his drink says drink two of two.
And it's like, OK, where did the sticker go? The machine prints out like, how did this happen?
So it was just kind of one of those because I wanted to get home in time to do to get to a meeting for the Rocky Horror Crowd because there's a show next week and I like to get everybody's stage names and get everything prepped for that in advance.
So I ended up being super late to that. And so and then I get home and I find out, oh, I left one of my two cell phones in San Francisco. Great.
Yes, I have more than one cell phone. And of course, the one I left behind is the one I really need Monday to Friday.
So I'm just I'm just going to have to suck it up and not have it on Monday while it gets FedEx to me. And then I got to eat the cost that FedEx.
So it's like I did not have the best like resolution to the weekend, but at least I'm home, at least I'm healthy, at least I got to see an artist I really like in concert.
And I had got Alan and I hadn't been out to like a concert date in a long time. You know, I think the last band we saw live was erasure in the 80s.
No, I'm just kidding. It was but it was erasure, which, of course, was a big synth pop band in the 80s and 90s.
The last band that I saw live was it. And I know I don't think it was there was a tour that I saw one time, too.
I think the last band I saw live was Third Eye Blind. Oh, my gosh. Was that like in the 90s?
No, it wasn't in the 90s. It was actually 2000s. It was one of those one of these things where my work used to raffle off tickets for like because they had box seats or whatever.
And so it was just like, here you got picked. You know, I didn't even enter. It's like, here you got picked. I'm like, all right.
OK, they're really blind. Yeah, that's cool. Have I ever told this story? I swear it's a video game podcast. We'll get there eventually.
Have I ever told the story on OLR about the time I won backstage passes to meet Matchbox 20 in like 1997 or something?
That's hilarious.
Oh, yeah. No, I won tickets. Like, I legit won a radio contest, ironically enough. I won one of those. Like, be the 15th caller.
Who knew that stuff was real? I called and I won and I got tickets and backstage passes to see Matchbox 20 and I got to meet them.
This is like in 1987. And I took one of my lady friends who was like, you know, because, you know, sometimes, especially like in the teenage years, even the early 20s and stuff.
And heck, gosh, I know women in their 40s that still get excited when Backstreet Boys goes on tour. But hey, I get excited when Spice Girls go on tour and I wish they would again.
So I get it. But yeah, so I took one of my lady friends who was like really into the band and she was like shaking and crying and doing that whole thing.
So it was really it was fun. It was a lot of fun. And then leaving the concert, I got into my first automobile accident that totaled my first car.
How's that for a happy ending to that story? So, gosh, concerts seem to be bad. Like, I'll have a really good time with the concert.
And then, like, I have these really horrible resolutions to this story, so maybe I shouldn't go to any more concerts.
Yeah, we didn't have anything bad happen at Third Eye Blind. The only thing that was bad was Third Eye Blind.
Actually, no, they're great. I mean, they're fine. No issues with them. It's better than like...
It was a lovely time, I'm sure.
I know there was one time I went to a country music concert, too. I don't even remember who it was. That's how memorable it was because I just didn't give a shit anymore.
But why did I even go to that? I think that was with my parents. That must have been with my parents. I got dragged along to something because I would have never voluntarily gone to...
I don't even remember who it was. I just remember country music.
I would say the most, like, randomly, awesomely obscure concert that I ever went to that, like, not many people can probably say they've seen live.
This is my music hipster thing. But I went to a radio festival one year. This is around the same year, Smashbox 20 stuff.
Get this. The band that was playing that I couldn't wait to see was the Vengaboys. You remember the Vengaboys?
Yes.
Come on. Those of you that listen to...
It's all Eurodance. That's what we used to enjoy.
If y'all played DDR, you know the Vengaboys, because I'm really surprised that music was never in DDR.
Or I think it was in the Europe dancing stage or whatever. But anyway, it doesn't matter.
Captain Jack and stuff, that's all Eurodance.
They had a live concert here in Sacramento as part of a big radio festival with like...
Who else was there? It was one of the new kids on the block, like Jordan Knight or one of them.
And Shaggy. You remember Shaggy?
Yes.
That was a good time. I think the Vengaboys maybe ever only played like three shows in the United States, and that was one of them.
So that's my little, like, randomly awesome obscure story.
Alright, going to our chat. I do want to introduce our chat over at live.vognetwork.com
because we do tape live every Sunday night at the Voice Geeks Network.
vognetwork.com every Sunday night at 6 o'clock Pacific, 9 o'clock Eastern, right after the Bobby Black Wolf show.
And Dark Sakura, or Jamie Summers, she is on a little break from the show.
We talked about this last week if you want to hear all the details about that.
But of course, she will be here during the middle part of the show to talk about the classic game of the week.
But we talked a little bit about that last week, so she'll be gone for a few months.
I guess I have to kind of say at the start of every show, you know, Jamie's not here because her name's in the intro.
She's not here, so it's going to be that way, sadly, for a little bit.
But she will be here some shows. I think she's making plans to be here, not this month, but the end, maybe one other show in September.
I don't know. We'll figure out the dates a little later.
But I want to get to you guys in chat.
And Bobby Black Wolf in chat starting us off saying, targeted advertising works, talking about the alert that I saw for I am, am I, who am I.
Yeah, I don't mind being advertised to when it's stuff like that, when it's like, did you know about this?
And it's actually something like I really do want to know about.
Like, sometimes I'll be on Facebook and it's like, did you know about the Underwear of the Month Club?
And I'm like, I don't, whatever. But like, this was something.
Oh, I had one of those last night. Like, they're random. Like, I don't know what it is.
Half of them, usually it's like from Wish or something. It's like, who would wish for this?
Some of those guys are big podcast sponsors, so I'm not going to name them because they're not sponsoring this show.
So as far as I'm concerned, you can go get Fruit of the Loom because they're not sponsoring this show.
I don't remember who it was, but it was like, I saw, like the first picture was like, it was this giant bunk bed thing and it was enormous.
Like, I'm like, if I put that in my son's room, that's just going to take up like literally the whole room. That's ridiculous.
But then I scrolled to the site and they have like different duvets and stuff and they had one that looked like somebody got murdered on this.
It's like, why would you put that in your room? It's like blood stains everywhere. I'm like, why would you do that?
Why was the purpose of this? Is that the same website that has the crack pipes for sale?
Maybe. I don't know. But like it was just, it was on the ad. I'm like, this is the most random stupid thing I've ever seen.
Okay. Other comments from chat. Bobby Bleckle says, I love Waze. There you go.
Raginator says, I've heard of ABBA, Ace of Base and Roxette, but not that Swedish artist that you mentioned that you named.
Well, now you have another one to go look up a little more, a little more modern.
But those are all good bands that you named Raginator. It's very, very well done. It was good.
Let's see. Go into some other comments in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see. MegamanX400 says, the last concert I saw was Britney in Vegas.
Okay. First off, I'm jealous. But second off, is that really a concert or is that a performance?
Like, Loki, if I were to go see a street mime perform, is that a concert or is that a performance?
Because we all know Britney ain't singing, you guys. She's, she's pantomiming her way through that with elaborate,
but obviously any, anybody who buys a ticket to Britney full on knows that and is completely okay with that fact.
I'm sure she's more entertaining than a mime. So, you know, that's true. She is more entertaining.
I would rather stare at her for two hours than a mime, so.
Let's see. SG100Matt says, you went to MAGFest concerts and nothing bad happened. There's something.
The bad thing that happened is that I haven't been back in a long time. That's the sad thing.
Let's see. And some folks talking about Vengaboys and a dancing stage and all this stuff.
Kaijuto asking, is Dark Soccer on maternity leave? No. No, it's a, it's a work conflict.
We, we got into it last week. Sadly, it's a work conflict. And somebody else explained that in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Let's see. Oh, oh, here's a random concert answer for you guys. Fifth Dream in chat says, speaking of lip syncing,
I saw Milli Vanilli live. No lie. Wow. That's, you win, sir. You win. That's, that's a hell of a thing to see live.
Talk about pantomiming. That's, that's amazing. What if the twist was that Milli Vanilli really did sing live?
What if like that was the twist? I don't know. Anyway. All right. We got to get into some video games.
Let's get into tonight's kickoff topic. So this is a big piece of gaming news a lot of people are talking about this week.
And that is that Diablo three has been confirmed for the switch. Have you been reading about this, Logie?
I saw the video. You did? That looked weird. Like it, like it sounded like it leaked out and then. Okay.
So they had to release the thing. Like it's supposed to be part of a direct or something.
Yeah. Okay. So here's the thing is that the information was published early on a website.
I believe it was Forbes publishes, which I thought Forbes was all the blogs. I didn't think they did news.
Or am I mixing it up with another website? Starts with F. I don't know. Anyway, so whatever.
So somehow they had the information and this has happened before.
We have seen big websites that had information that was under embargo. But, you know,
sometimes they will set the posting time and date and it gets set wrong.
Computer error happens. So for whatever reason, it publishes and the minute it hits the Internet, y'all.
It's done. It's out there. That's why these websites have to be careful.
So I'm sure Forbes got a little bit of a nasty gram from Nintendo and Blizzard.
But at the same time, this shit happens. Like, you know, it's you know, things are going to leak out.
Also, I mean, it was this Diablo three on Switch thing's been going around for a long time.
We talked about last week. Yeah, I think I really think we did.
So it's just you finally had the confirmation. And what really sold it was that they had screen shots posted.
Like there were screen shots of like Ganon armor and like Zelda related things in the game.
And they were on Forbes. So it wasn't like somebody's like Tumblr fan art or something like that.
It was which again. But but does doesn't Forbes sometimes publish Tumblr fan art?
I don't know. Anyway. So anyhow, maybe they said so then all these other websites start posting things that say,
well, Forbes, and with no bitterness at all, Forbes has announced early there's a leak, you know, that Diablo three is happening.
And so we all know it's happening. The next day, it's confirmed.
And they put out this video that shows Reggie Fils-Aime calling Mike Morhaime from Blizzard.
And they're kind of talking and have a little bit of banner. And then they kind of get into the game.
But here's the OK. So here's the thing about the trailer. And I talked about this a little bit on Twitter.
That little video that they did was cut really weird. Like it was really hastily edited for me.
And like there's a lot of other things that didn't add up to me. For example, there's this running gag with the light switch.
Like Reggie Fils-Aime goes, what's that? What's what? The lights are flickering. What's that all about?
And I don't know. Some people theorized it was because, well, you know, back in February,
the official Diablo Twitter posted a picture of a light switch.
And that's where all these Diablo three on switch rumors started to begin with.
And I'm like, OK, that's a little bit of a stretch to have Reggie Fils-Aime act.
That's a little bit of a stretch. I mean, I realize Reggie Fils-Aime has kind of become a meme king in some.
But that meme, that's a little bit of a stretch. I don't know about that one.
He hasn't been put in the smash yet. That would make him the meme king.
You know, wait for it. I'm waiting for it.
Let me ask. OK. OK, I'll ask this now. We get on Tantra sometimes. It happens. I'll come back to this direct thing in a minute.
Would it be in good taste or would it be in bad taste to put the former CEO of Nintendo in the game?
Would that be in good taste, a tribute, or would that be in bad taste because he passed?
Just I don't know. I know. Right. Tricky, tricky moral quandary.
Is it a tribute or is it an insult? Just put him in the alleged rumored mode that there may be.
Just kind of curious. Here he is. All right.
OK, so anyway, back to the back to the issue at hand. So so we were talking about the trailer.
OK, so not only that, but then towards the end of the thing, when they were transitioning into the full Diablo three trailer, the light switch does a weird thing.
Again, you hear this growl, but they show like the Diablo three stock photo and it does this really weird pan.
It's just edited really weird. And then it's like that they were talking about their online service.
Yeah, like cut all the information about their online service.
So and then Mike Morehame and Reggie are talking and they say, let's patch in the fans and they do this weird transition.
And that to me was the like one of the oddest things in the whole thing was like, what do you mean?
Let's patch in the fans like that's a weird like I get that they had this whole like set up like they were doing a fakie online call and stuff.
It was just I don't know. Like, why do you go out of your way to drop a line like that?
It seems like like a line like that. Believe me, when you have these Nintendo directs and stuff, everything is scripted.
Everything is down to the letter branding, branding, branding. There's no improv in any of this stuff.
This is why Nintendo switched to directs and doesn't do the live stuff anymore so that they can control everything.
Right. So although I guess they did do a live review over the switch, so it's not 100 percent right.
But anyway, my point is that video really felt like it was clipped out of a larger Nintendo direct about something else, namely online play.
Now, here's the complication, though, that's come up since I wrote all those tweets.
And actually, when Bobby talked about on his show, I didn't didn't didn't know this part because I hadn't said anything about it yet.
So here's the other thing. Folks are saying on Twitter, including Kotaku in their news article, including some rumbles around like, you know, Blizzard and all that stuff is that the information was supposed to be released the next day.
So the day they actually unveiled it was always going to be the day that they officially announced Diablo three on switch.
And I think Gamescom has something to do with that because it is going to be playable at Gamescom.
So it was always meant to be that day. But I don't know, y'all.
Like, it's not that I don't believe that it wasn't meant to be announced that day, especially if Blizzard did want to take it to Gamescom and they did want to show it off and all this stuff.
But that doesn't still change my opinion that that little trailer that we got, that video that we got feels like a piece of something else.
And maybe there will be a Nintendo direct and we're going to see that exact same clip, but inserted in a Nintendo direct.
And I know this is very tinfoil hatty type of thing, but I mean, on the other hand, it totally makes sense.
If you're going to do a Nintendo direct that's focused on online and why your fans should pay this money to have an online service,
because you know there's people complaining out there right now.
Why do I have to pay for something that you're already doing for free? This is double dipping.
You guys have all heard it. Y'all know it's out there. Whether you feel the same or you feel different, you know this is out there right now.
So Nintendo's going to do a direct to try to justify to people why they're going to pay that amount.
So I mean, you know, didn't this kind of feel like it doesn't a Diablo 3 play with your friends online announcement really feel like something that would have been a logical part of a direct like that?
Yes, it really does. Yeah, it does.
So are they doing anything during E3 or not E3 Gamescom?
Blizzard is Nintendo, I don't think they have anything official?
They may have a booth, but I don't think there's any like planned announcements or anything.
But to be fair, they don't really do all they do. They do an E3 direct, but they're not doing anything at E3 besides a booth.
Well, I take that back because they have their Smash tournaments now. They brought back Nintendo World Championships.
So I guess they do have any sort of direct announced or anything.
So not yet, but lately when they...
How long are we going to wait for this online service direct? I mean, come on, like seriously.
Nintendo has never, well, I shouldn't say never, but in the past couple of years, as far back as I can remember, which in internet time is not a very long time.
Nintendo has never given you three weeks notice on a direct. They've never done that.
As far back as my memory goes, what they do, they say, tomorrow, Nintendo Direct 4 p.m. be there and people will be there.
So they're not going to announce it until the day before because they never do. Like this is just how they roll now.
They need to talk about what's in their online service because they're already taking pre-orders for their online service. So I think that's fair.
Mega Man X400 in chat at live.vognetwork.com says, Nintendo is really dragging their feet on announcing this online. What is the holdup at this point?
Are they worried someone's going to steal their idea?
You guys, you just want to get pieces of this online business as well.
See, here's the thing. They've kind of officially announced it though. And there's been a social media push this week to really show like here's all the stuff you can expect.
But I think where people feel like Nintendo hasn't really announced it, even though they've tweeted about it, they've posted on Facebook, they say this is coming.
They haven't told you all the games.
Or what it looks like. Here's what the online service looks like. Here's Mario Brothers. And look, we're playing two layers. And here's how it looks when you connect with your friends.
Here's the interface for this whole thing. Yeah, Nintendo has not really peeled back the curtain on the intricacies, the user's manual on how this is all going to work.
And what is unfortunately happening, and this has been happening for a long time, is that people are filling in the gaps.
You know, people are saying, oh, well, Nintendo is waiting to show their online system so that they can show us how the achievement system works.
There's not going to be an achievement system. Nintendo has watched me eat those words later, but whatever. I'll own it if I have to.
Does it matter at this point?
Yeah, it doesn't matter at this point. It's gone this long.
It's like so late to the game.
Yeah. People feel like, even though Nintendo's kind of announced some stuff online, they haven't gone over it with a fine-tooth comb.
They have not explained it in the Smash Brothers Direct level of detail where they're like, we took the number of frames in this person's B button move and we've reduced it.
The Smash Brothers Directs get really in-depth. Really in-depth so people know what to expect. And we haven't kind of had that yet. I don't know.
Anyway. Let's see. Going to chat at live.vognetwork.com. S2100matt talking about the Diablo 3 trailer says, from an editing standpoint, I believe it's part of a grander Direct because it's awkward thematically.
My guess is the lights could be a running gag in the Direct. I get the sense this was done recently and still being worked on. Thanks, Forbes. Which is why those transitions seem off.
Yeah, just something doesn't add up about that whole video. I don't know.
Anyway. Let's see. Other comments in chat at live.vognetwork.com. HaloAddictMan, who I think is BreakMan in chat, says, if you are expecting Nintendo to suddenly give you Sony Online quality, that's on you, not them.
TigerClaw in chat says, watch. Nintendo will force players to pay for Nintendo's Online service just to play the new Smash Brothers Online against other players.
That is happening. And to be fair to Nintendo, they are giving ample warning on that. Even if you look at the box for things like Splatoon, it's in tiny print.
But it says, online play available, paid online will be required with the start of Nintendo's Online service in, I think at that time it was still summer of 2018.
So honestly guys, these last few months have been a gift. Because Nintendo's Online service was supposed to be like a year ago. So all this free Splatooning you guys have been doing has been a gift.
So, yeah. I mean, I don't think you could accurately accuse Nintendo of blindsiding us with this. They have been stating this on their games. Go look at the game boxes of what you're buying.
Even the fine print that you probably scroll through real quick on the digital purchases that you buy. It says something about Nintendo's Online services being required as of probably an earlier date than now.
But Nintendo can say, oh well, we told you it was going to be earlier. We're waiving the fee for the whatever lovey-dovey thing they want to say to kind of ease that over a little bit.
So, anything. Anyway. Now, one other thing I want to get into with this deal. Because this Diablo thing, even though it's something that's been rumored for a long time, it's got all these interesting elements to it.
Like, the timing of the announcement. Is it a part of Nintendo's bigger Online strategy? And then there's this other part about it where now that you have Blizzard putting Diablo 3 on a Nintendo console, which is the first time Blizzard's done something with a Nintendo console since, what, like Lost Vikings on Super Nintendo?
Did they do anything on Nintendo 64? I don't... Yeah, but you'd have to go way back. You'd have to go way back. Like, at least 20 years. You'd have to go back to find the last time Blizzard... And they were probably still, what was it, Synapse and whatever their old name was.
Starcraft was on 64, according to chat.
Oh, that's right! There was a Starcraft 64. Thank you guys. And they were working on Starcraft... No, Starcraft Ghost was a PS2 thing, I think. Anyway.
You're right. Starcraft was on N64. That was probably the last time Blizzard did something on a console.
So now people are asking, you know, and this is not something that is unheard of, well, if Blizzard is now doing stuff on Nintendo again, where is Hearthstone? Where is Overwatch?
An interesting comment on all of this, though, is that, I guess they've actually, Blizzard has kind of, like, talked about this a little bit, saying that, well, Overwatch is feasible, but Starcraft 2 is going to be difficult on the Switch.
But that's interesting. So, it was an interview with GameSpot, with senior producer at Blizzard, Pete Stillwell, where he said,
Anything is within the realm of possibility. Our team was given the task to work on this, Diablo 3. If Team 4, the Overwatch developer, picks up that endeavor, that's on them.
As of right now, Diablo is our only focus on Switch. Yes, it is feasible. So this has all of the Overwatch fans and all the Nintendo Switch owners doing that whole Jim Carrey from Dumb and Dumber.
So you're saying there's a chance. Am I right? That's what everybody's doing. So you're saying there's a chance.
Because all they have to do is port the console version over. They don't have to rebuild it to work with the Switch. Whereas a game like Starcraft, which is not built for a console system, they would have to retool that.
Even though you just said the original was on Nintendo 64. Dude, and how well did it play? And how well did it play? It was so great. Just like Command and Conquer Red Alert was on PlayStation 2 or PlayStation 1, and that was so fucking awesome.
That's my favorite version of the game. To be fair, the same senior producer had something to say about that. The N64 version of Starcraft was cool, but you had to change the game quite a bit to make it work properly on console.
Starcraft 2 is next level requirements for how much dexterity you need with a mouse and keyboard, so I think that would have been a very difficult port. It would have to change the core gameplay.
So when it comes to Starcraft, I'm not hearing there's a chance at all. That's not gonna happen. But it's interesting that the door got left open to crack on Overwatch and now everybody's screaming and hooping and hollering about it.
What about World of Warcraft? On the Switch, though? I just don't think that's the game to put on the Switch. I don't know. But then again, Final Fantasy XIV is great on PlayStation 4.
Put that on the Switch. I would go for that. But the problem is, this is where you get into a weird area with Final Fantasy XIV specifically. Final Fantasy XIV went out of their way to announce to the fanbase and brace themselves,
we are ending PlayStation 3 support. And they already did that last year when they released Stormblood. They ended PlayStation 3 support. And the reason why they did it was that they wanted to push the graphics, they wanted to push everything to the next level.
Yeah, the 3 would no longer support it. So everything is on the PlayStation 4 or PC. So the problem is, if you now introduce the Switch into it, well the Switch is not quite as powerful as a PlayStation 4.
So even though it's way more powerful than PlayStation 3, you're going to have to probably lower the bar to get the Switch owners in. So I just don't think Final Fantasy XIV is going to happen on Switch for that reason.
Unless, in a couple of years, we get a Switch DX. Because you know Nintendo will do it. Why not? They've done it with Game Boys. They've done it with other stuff. Why not repackage the Switch and give it a deluxe version with some extra oomph in it?
Because they didn't do that with their last few console systems.
Well, but the Switch is no longer just a console.
It's not like a handheld system though. I don't think they will.
Depends on your experience. DungeonBuster though points out Wolfenstein 2 and Doom are graphically demanding, but they managed to get it on the Switch. So who knows?
Yeah, but the only, well yeah, I guess.
S2100Matt points out Crossplay would be nice for Overwatch. That would be pretty awesome if they said, you know, that would be an interesting little alliance.
If Nintendo, they came out and said, Overwatch is coming out on the Switch and you can play with your friends on Xbox One. Thanks to a special agreement between us and Microsoft.
But fuck you Sony, because there ain't no agreement there.
Well, but you know what's going to happen is, oh well we invited Sony, but they didn't want to. You know that'll happen.
Well fuck them. I mean, they don't want to come to the table. I'm telling you.
But the weird thing when it comes to Overwatch specifically and the whole online is that Blizzard is the one keeping Crossplay out between PC and console.
Because I'm positive Microsoft would have no problem doing PC and Xbox. They have no problem with that.
But Blizzard wants that separated because of keyboard and mouse versus controller to the extent that like things on console are balanced differently.
Like Torbjorn's turrets, Symmetra's turrets, don't function the same way on, well they function the same way, they're not as powerful on console because of the whole keyboard and mouse versus, you know, controller thing.
So, Blizzard made the very distinct, you can't blame Sony for that one I suppose.
Now, I don't know if Blizzard has commented on why Crossplay is not available between PlayStation 4 and Xbox One.
I think most people have kind of not pushed the issue because we sort of, why would we suddenly expect a game on Sony and Microsoft to be Crossplayable?
But now if you throw Nintendo into the mix, that's going to get real interesting. I don't know.
Comments and chats over at live.vognetwork.com. Let's see, MegaManX400 says, I honestly believe that Overwatch is coming to Switch.
They're just working out the Crossplay with Xbox and they're waiting for the next big character release.
Well, my friend, there would be a really good time to announce this coming up in about two months at this little convention that Blizzard likes to hold in Anaheim.
So, a little BlizzCon event at the beginning of November is when that is.
So, I mean, if it's going to happen anytime soon, that's when they're going to peel back the curtain on it and that would be a big reveal for Overwatch.
A lot of people are kind of sitting here going, what is going to be Blizzard's big reveal this year?
Usually, most years, every other year at least, it's been a Warcraft expansion.
Jetpack cat.
But they just had a Warcraft expansion literally last week.
So, there's not going to be a new Warcraft expansion announced. They might talk about a new patch. They're not going to talk about a new expansion.
So, it's got to be something in the Starcraft universe, the Diablo universe.
It could be an Overwatch on Switch. I kind of think it's a reach still, you guys, but I would not say it's impossible. We'll leave it at that.
And then what else would be? Hearthstone. Now, see, that's the one that I don't get why that's not on Switch.
Hearthstone could easily be on Switch and should be on Switch.
Like, that's the one that I don't understand why Nintendo has not put that on Switch. It's on mobile phones, for heaven's sakes.
The Switch would let you do a lot more. You'd kind of have the best of both worlds.
Yeah, I don't know.
Yeah, that's the one that I don't understand why it's not on Switch. We'll see.
Well, especially since they have console ports already, so why not?
Looking in chat, sj100matt says, yeah, Hearthstone seems like a gimme.
BobbyBlackWolf says, Hearthstone should be simple. Open Unity, compile to Switch, profit. Well...
You know it's not that easy.
You know it's not that easy. Let's turn up the graphics on the screen.
But yes, it's almost that easy.
It is. No, I totally get what he's saying. I don't want to dismiss that because I would say he's partially right.
You know where things are going to get tricky? Online.
Hearthstone lives and breathes and dies by the online play and selling the card packs.
Because Hearthstone is a free game.
So Nintendo needs to be able to support that whole transaction service of the card packs and everything.
Well, they have Fortnite.
Well, yes, Nintendo has Fortnite. Nintendo does DLC.
So, I mean, Nintendo is going to be unveiling this online thing.
But, I mean, didn't some of us kind of assume that Nintendo's poor online was what made EA say, never mind.
That whole thing we talked about with the Wii U? Never mind.
Because we can't nickel and dime people with loot boxes.
No, it's because they run everything in fucking Frostbite and Frostbite doesn't run on the Switch.
That's why. Because they're fucking lazy with their one-engine franchises.
Kaijuto says Hearthstone is gambling so I doubt they want kids to gamble.
I'm pretty sure parental controls, which I would hope to God if you're going to drop.
Because your kid didn't drop $400 on the Switch, you did.
I don't know if you dropped that kind of money on the Switch, you've gone in and set up parental controls.
I mean, I don't know because I don't have kids.
And, Loki, I don't know if your kids are old enough yet to be doing this.
But, like, you know, if you give your oldest kid an iPad, does he know how to go in there and buy stuff?
Like, did you have to learn how to go in and shut that off so he needs a password?
Or he needs parental controls to be able to do that?
Well, I have a password on any of the purchases and there's no way he can...
He can't. He won't be able to type it in.
Now, with Microsoft, and I think this works on, like, the Xbox too, but with Microsoft you can have family accounts.
Basically, you set, like, this person's a child under your account and you can actually allocate them.
Okay, you did well today, so I'm going to give you $20 in your account to go spend.
And they can go spend it. Or, if they want to purchase something, they go to purchase it and it asks for permission.
So, what happens is I get an email saying, Josh wants to purchase Minecraft. Do you accept or decline?
You know, and you can do that.
Okay. What was that on again?
That's on Microsoft.
Oh, okay.
So, I do that with, like, Windows because when I was setting up his laptop, I had to keep going back and forth between email accounts because, you know, it's all asking permission.
I'm like, fine. Yeah, but it's nice because my youngest son, you know, he doesn't understand how purchases work,
and so he did go on the Switch and try to purchase skins, or maybe it was a tablet. He tried purchasing skins, but he doesn't have a password.
So, he doesn't, it won't let him do it, but he, like, got stuck on a purchase screen and he's like, I don't know what I'm doing.
I just wanted to pick that skin because he wanted to be the Power Ranger skin. So, he doesn't know that it costs money.
Ah, right, right.
But, you know, it didn't let him go that far because I have passwords and everything.
Good, good.
Whereas back in the day when, like, you know, we were, I don't know about you, Loki, but in my family where I was the kid on the computer all the time,
and then it was like if I want to spend the plus hours on Prodigy to use chat rooms or the World Wide Web or something, it was like, oh, it just lets me right on.
My parents didn't have to give any permission, and then when the $80 bill comes from Prodigy, I get a scream.
Oh, yeah.
We did that.
Screamed the house down with my mom.
Yeah, we did that. We were posting a joke on a joke forum. It was a stupid joke, but for some reason it cost money to do that.
Or it was the long distance fees or something like that because there's always long distance fees.
Yeah, long distance fees.
Connect to a phone number that wasn't local.
Yeah, I remember asking permission so I could call the Sierra BBS to download, like, a game demo.
Because the Sierra BBS was in the Bay Area somewhere, so it was long distance from here.
I remember asking permission. I was like, I got a good grade in school. Can I call the Sierra BBS and spend $10 on a phone call to download some stupid demo?
Can I spend $10 in long distance fees to get a free demo?
Was it like the local free zine or whatever that would have the BBS numbers in the back?
Oh, yeah.
So you used to go there and pirate all the things. 56K.
Me too.
No, I'm sorry. Back then it was 28-8.
Do you know how many different BBSes I was playing? Lord of the Red or Legend of the Red Dragon or whatever that game was called?
Never got into that.
And The Pit. I had the graphical front end for The Pit. I was playing The Pit on like five different BBSes in town. It was crazy.
Anyway, alright. We're showing our age here a little bit.
Alright, let's get into away from Diablo 3 on the Switch and all that news.
Because honestly, we don't know until we know and I think BlizzCon will have some more announcements and we'll just have to wait.
Anyhow, in the meantime, let's talk about our gaming weeks and the types of video games we have been playing this week.
So, Loki, how was your gaming week?
My week was just basically Earth Defense Force 4-1.
So I went ahead and played it on PC because I've had it on PC for a while and I was researching third person shooter engine type things.
That's what I say. But really, what it was is just an excuse to play it through Earth Defense Force 4.1.
So I've been doing that and cheating the whole way.
But here's the thing though. As the game is so hard, even when I'm cheating, I still die.
And it's still incredibly hard while cheating.
You would think that I set my life to unlimited, that there's no way I'm gonna die.
But no, yet the game finds some fucking way to kill me when there's like literally nothing on the screen to kill me.
And I don't know how the hell I died. It's just random like that.
So it allows me to see what works for a third person shooter.
It makes it fun because Earth Defense Force is fun.
But yet Earth Defense Force is also frustrating because of bullshit that it pulls that just doesn't make any sense sometimes.
So I'm taking that to note.
But yeah, the game, the way it progresses is kind of weird.
You know, it goes through the motions of like the first few games where,
Oh, you destroyed the mothership and that's that.
And then now there's this giant like...
And I had to laugh at all of the names that like these scientists or whatever they're supposed to be studying,
these Ravager aliens give to these creatures that are attacking them.
They like give them the dumbest fucking names possible.
Like some of them are just so fucking weird and some of them are just like,
We'll call this one an Earth Eater.
They're Earth Eaters now or this one is Retarius.
Or like, it's like, who the fuck is coming up with these names?
Just call them their fucking ants.
Call them the giant fucking ants.
Hey, there's giant fucking bees now.
You don't need to give it like some stupid name.
They're fucking giant bees.
Not flying insects.
Bees is not a copyrighted term.
I can't wait to see if you ever make a shoot-em-up game, Loki.
You're just going to call the...
I will. I will have dialogue like that.
We're going to call them ginormous monster.
Dude, they're fucking ants.
Let's just call them giant fucking ants.
Calm down. Calm down.
That's literally going to be dialogue if I ever did a game like that.
So...
But yeah, so it's mainly that and then of course, you know, Pokemon Go.
Dance Dance Revolution Xtreme, that usual stuff.
Nothing on PlayStation this week.
I didn't actually get to mess around on the TV.
But yeah, there's Earth Defense Force.
Still going to be playing through it some more.
My gaming week.
I hit level 39 in Pokemon Go today.
One more level to go until max level of Pokemon Go.
I'm 32.
Nice.
So here's the thing about hitting level 39.
So to get from 0 to 39, you need 15 million XP, cumulative, from start to finish.
It takes 5 million XP to get from level 39 to 40.
So basically, when you hit level 39, it's congratulations.
You're three quarters of the way through the game.
So I still have a quarter to go.
So as much as it feels like, yay, I got this really high level, it's also like, ah, damn, I still have so far to go.
But you know what? Ingress is even worse.
It reminds me of that sequence.
They have like a montage sequence in South Park where they're grinding in like the beginning area.
Yes. Yes.
It's basically that.
I will say though, the friends system has been like the best thing for XP.
Like even though I'm not hitting like three stars with everybody, I'm hitting two stars with a lot of people.
Because that takes seven days.
I try to cycle. It's really like, I'm sorry if I'm not sending you presents every day on my list.
But it is hard to get enough.
I try to at least send as much as I can, but like you get capped at opening 20 or 21 gifts.
And it's like, I can't.
Well, and even that, it's like trying to get the presents from, like I sat, you know, when I'm watching, my kids do gymnastics.
And there's a gym there at the gymnastics place.
And so I sit there and I'm spinning every five.
That's why I keep getting presents.
Yes, that's why I keep getting those.
I sit there and I spin the stop every five minutes.
And I'm lucky to get like three or two or three gifts during like a good hour and a half.
So it's ridiculous.
But I mean, that whole friend system has been good XP overall.
And the ones I have, I have hit three stars with probably, oh, 13 or 14 people.
And that's 50K every time.
And then maybe two or three of them, I timed it right.
Like I actually thought I had to hit the lucky egg.
So I got, you know, double XP, which works on those.
So like, you know, I got some, that was probably a good million of my XP probably came from all that friend stuff.
So I will keep working on that.
I'm excited.
Anyway, outside of that, been playing more Final Fantasy 14.
I finally started the last patch's story, patch 4.3.
Because some friends of mine wanted to do Sukiyomi, which is the new raid encounter.
Well, I don't know what you call it, eight man battle.
They wanted to do that fight on EX or Extreme.
And I was like, oh, because I haven't done the story.
I haven't even unlocked that fight on regular yet.
Whoops, I should probably catch up.
So I did finally play through the story.
And like this last patch's story is pretty good, even though it's also really like, it's kind of like, well, not kind of, it's really dark.
Like it's, wow, it's, it's kind of weird.
So, but I liked it.
So, because I like sick things.
So yeah, that's my Final Fantasy 14 review.
It's dark and sick, but I liked it.
That was my Final Fantasy 14 experience.
And then I've been continuing to play Heroes of the Storm.
I've probably done my AI matches every day.
I saved up 15,000 in-game gold so I could buy Whitemane, the newest character that they released.
Who's a character from World of Warcraft.
She's kind of like a bad priest and anybody who's ever run Scarlet Monastery in their World of Warcraft careers knows Whitemane.
Cause she's the boss that resurrects her husband.
A bad priest? Maybe the timing wasn't great for that one.
Loki.
But anyway, she's, she's, yeah, so she's, she's a fun character to play though.
So yeah, but otherwise, yeah, just been trying to finish my daily quests and all that good stuff.
And Heroes of the Storm and a little bit of Overwatch.
I didn't realize the consoles and everything were having a free weekend.
I was playing on PC and I was like, dang, why am I getting matched with all these like really low level people?
And I was, oh, they're having a free weekend on PC.
That's what's going on.
So they've been having like this long event.
But I was just finally like, I haven't played Overwatch in forever.
I need to get in there and like play some Moira or something like that.
So I did that.
It was good.
And that was my gaming week pretty much.
Not that exciting otherwise.
So, all right.
Housekeeping.
We will not be here in two weeks.
Labor Day weekend will not be here as I will be at Dragon Con.
I'm going to be a part of eight panels of Dragon Con.
So I'll be really easy to find.
Hopefully by the time you hear this, the Dragon Con app will be updated.
The ETA is on the 20th.
And you can find me in the app Rob Roberts under the Attending Professionals.
And you can see my schedule there.
And I hope to see you at one of the panels that I will be moderating or participating on.
Please don't be shy.
Come up and say hello and introduce yourself.
I always enjoy meeting people from the show.
It's always a lot of fun.
So, yeah, really looking forward to Dragon Con.
Bobby Blackwolf from Voice Geese Network will be there.
Other faces.
I know Gary from Critical Myth will be there.
I think Brian from British Invaders is scheduled to be there.
So there will be some other faces.
Travis, who used to have Understation Live, is going to be there.
He's making his big return to Dragon Con after a couple years off.
So really excited to see everybody.
Yay.
But, yeah, no podcast.
As Break Man in chat says, Rob will be way too drunk to podcast.
I don't know.
Me and getting drunk at Dragon Con is kind of hit and miss.
I don't remember getting super drunk last year.
Well, wait, I take that back. One night I did.
And really, is there too drunk to be podcasting?
Because I think it only enhances it.
I went to the Spectrum party, which is kind of like the LGBT party.
And the only way I could kind of be social was to drink a lot.
Because I don't know a lot of people.
So, anyway.
But since I'm doing so many panels, I don't want to be hungover or drunk on a panel.
That's a bad, bad mistake for Rob to make.
So I have to be professional.
So for that reason, I don't know if I'll be doing a ton of drinking.
I don't know. We'll have to see. I have to see what panels I have on Sunday.
I think I have maybe only one or two panels on Sunday.
So we'll have to see what it is.
But I think the Overwatch panel is Sunday.
So I kind of need to be in top form for that.
So, anyhow.
Let's see.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Tigerclass says, what you don't want to be drunk at is presenting an award.
That would be bad.
Were we ever drunk when we did the Parsecs?
I don't think so.
Maybe I'd had one or two drinks, but not enough to be intoxicated.
And, please, since I am talking about drinking and glamorizing that, always drink responsibly.
Part of the reason why I can do that at Dragon Con is because Dragon Con is all walking.
It's all walking distance.
And I know plenty of people that are there.
So that's why I can be a little bit irresponsible.
Because driving at Dragon Con would never come up into the equation.
So that is part of the reason why.
Okay.
Anyhow, let's get into some news.
Some gaming news. Loki.
Yes. So, Valve, unfortunately, leaked out, I guess, their own, like, Twitch TV competitor.
So, they weren't planning on actually putting this live yet.
They were testing the stream, I guess, for its Steam.tv.
And they had the URL was live for a few hours, basically, while they were working on updating the Steam broadcasting
for the main event of The International.
And so they are watching, like, a test feed of that.
But now that this has kind of come to pass, you know, it's going to be this brand new,
looks like almost like a Twitch TV service where they even have, like, the Steam chat integrated into it.
And, I mean, maybe it looks just like what you would expect from Twitch.
But I don't know if it's going to be anything beyond.
I would assume it's going to be something beyond this whole International thing.
Okay, correct me if I'm wrong, but Steam has broadcasting built into it already.
They do.
I've used it.
Like, I remember, like, I would just run, like, because Steam Broadcasting couldn't, like,
you just leave it open so that friends could watch you at any time.
Because I seem to remember when I was online and playing Final Fantasy 13,
I just had it open so that people could watch me play if they wanted.
But my thing was, when I'm on Steam, I'm not entertaining.
I'm just playing the game. I'm not sitting there talking. I'm just doing that.
But I think, like, Rage Nader and maybe a couple other people actually, like,
would just kind of, like, peek at the game just to see what it looked like.
Yeah, and the broadcasts are kind of hidden, though.
I mean, you have to go, like, into your community section
and then into broadcast to be able to see them.
And it's just kind of random stuff.
I mean, so it's not really laid out all that well.
So maybe this would be kind of a way to...
So they're trying to, like, formalize it a little bit.
Well, I mean, I don't know.
I kind of think at this point it's a little difficult to launch a competitor to Twitch without money.
Like, and what I mean is that, you know, part of the reason why I really like being an affiliate on Twitch
is that Twitch makes it very clear how I can get money.
And, you know, I'm not just in it for the money.
But at the same time, you know, if I'm going to have this platform here that says you can make money here
and this platform here and this platform here,
I'm going to choose the one where maybe I can make five cents when I stream.
It's just five cents, but it all adds up. You know what I mean?
Right.
Like, you can't really make money on Mixer.
Well, I mean, you can if you stream for a long time and become a partner.
But they have some pretty big requirements for being a partner over on Mixer.
From what I remember, at least last time I looked into it, before I hit affiliate on Twitch, there was that thing.
So, I mean, is Steam going to give you money in your Steam wallet?
Can I tip people from my Steam wallet? Can I give them items?
Are they going to do something like that?
I don't know.
There's really nothing we know about it yet other than it was a thing.
Also, I think one other place that Twitch does a really good job is discoverability.
That's one other thing I really like about Twitch is the discoverability.
Like, I love the community thing, which, you know, it's kind of, you know, I know we talked about that that's going away
either last week or the week before, but at least it kind of will have the tags instead
and that will kind of accomplish a lot of the same stuff.
But here's my thing with this, is that Valve doesn't have enough manpower to run Steam, the marketplace.
Do we really want them to be starting a new venture called Steam TV?
I mean, like, they can't curate their own fucking marketplace.
What makes them think they're going to curate hundreds of streams?
I'm with you on that. I'm with you on that.
How are they going to moderate? I think that's the first question Steam should have to answer.
How are they going to moderate this?
Because, like, they can't. They're all algorithms, algorithms. No, it's not working.
It's not working at all. There was another story that I heard.
There was another crypto miner that was found in another game.
You know, it's like, dude, you can't manage your own marketplace.
What makes you think you're going to start, like, oh, let's go on some more ventures now?
TigerKalonChat says YouTube gaming hasn't really caught on.
No, that's a good point. I think a lot of people are getting sick of YouTube shit.
Like, unfortunately, on YouTube, YouTube does not care about the content creators as much as it does the copyright people.
The copyright people are always right, even when they're not right on YouTube.
And I think there's so many people, like, tons of YouTube people that I know have been falsely copyright stricken
for something like incidental music that they had the right to use,
that the game set on their website was something you can fully monetize on YouTube.
And some third-party company that had no right to do it, and YouTube yanks it for that.
And I think people are getting fed up with that shit, so people are jumping off YouTube.
And so, as far as I'm concerned, YouTube can, you know, sit and spin until they start to side with their creators a little more.
YouTube has become too big for its bridges.
Well, yeah, I mean, and even just, like, there's also, like, the demonetization or, like, even hiding stuff from feeds.
Like, there's, you know, one YouTuber I watch, Philip DeFranco, a lot, he talks about different controversial issues sometimes.
Like, he was talking about, you know, the whole thing with the priests, and then also with, um...
Oh, God, there's, like, some other, like, incident going on in another country where people were dying or something like that.
But he was talking about that, like, in one episode, and they hid it from, like, the feeds from a lot of people.
Like, they hid it from the homepage.
Even though you may have them as, like, oh, I'm subscribed and I want notifications, they will hide it from your homepage.
And you have to actually go into your subscription feeds to find it, which is stupid.
And so, that obviously hits them, and so now he's got to change his format.
Like, if I have a controversial story, I have to put it in its own separate video, so that one gets dinged.
And my main show doesn't get dinged. It's stupid.
I'm done with YouTube, personally.
Like, maybe if a Nintendo thing, like, has an export to YouTube, I'll just use it because I'm lazy.
But for the most part, like, I'm sticking to live stuff on Twitch, and if I want to do pre-recorded stuff,
I'm going to just kind of cross my fingers on my toes that Twitch's on-demand presence is going to grow.
And I kind of think Amazon is going to push that.
Because I know they have a YouTube partner thing for, you know, Nintendo. Do they have that for Twitch, too?
No.
Do they strike Twitch streams of, like, Nintendo games?
No, because Twitch, I don't know if it's that Twitch won't let them, but because Twitch's bread and butter is live,
and the rules are a little different when it's live versus on-demand,
like, Nintendo doesn't really have that same pull to be able to make those claims.
So, it's just, it's kind of, it's just different over there.
Win one for Twitch, I guess.
Yeah, I really think so. I mean, I don't know if that'll last forever.
And you are, you do need to pick what game you're streaming.
So, it would be very easy for Twitch to find out what the Nintendo games are.
So, if at some point Nintendo wants to swoop in and say,
we get a third of all the biddies, I suppose they'll have the right to do that.
But, you know, I, here's the thing.
I'm okay with that. Like, and I've said this a long time ago.
If Nintendo feels that they are entitled to a cut of the profits,
I'm okay with that as long as it's fair,
as long as it's, you know, not completely cutting out the, you know, person that's,
you know, bringing the viewers in, getting their cut too.
I'm honestly okay with all that. I just want it to be fair.
And what I really want is I don't want videos to get delisted.
I don't want videos to get pulled. When somebody is that level,
and that could either be affiliate on Twitch or a partner,
what do they call it, YouTube content partnership or whatever they call that stuff.
They have like the affiliates affiliated.
When you get to that level where you agree to go by the rules,
then you should be trusted that you're always going by the rules
until a person and not a robot verifies that you aren't going by the rules.
And then you can, you know, you can have your partnership status stripped away at that time or what have you.
What I don't want happening, and this is what really pissed me off at YouTube,
is automated computer matching system because then that leaves it to exploitation,
which is what's happening with these third-party companies
that have no right to be making copyright claims against shit that isn't theirs.
That's what finally broke me on YouTube when some fucking, I played, what was it?
Was it Cuphead or something I was playing?
And some company I'd never fucking heard of in my life
go in in there and copyright strike it.
And I was like, what?
And it wasn't like there's a very clear thing on the developer's website for Cuphead that's like,
yes, you can stream and monetize, have fun, do it.
And it's like, then this fucking thing copyright striked my channel.
And it's like, if I am a YouTube partner, which at the time I was,
because they didn't have the more strict rules in place yet,
why am I not being trusted?
Because there's no verifications, I'm sure, of these people saying that this content is mine.
What checks are there to do that?
Is another algorithm looking at that?
No.
Looking in chat, DungeonBuster in chat says,
Twitch has a number of monetization options that make it tempting for streamers too.
They just rolled out membership packages so you can drop five or more donated subs at once for your favorite streamer.
It randomly picks five people to get those subs from the dominator.
Oh, that's pretty cool.
Let's see.
ActDeft in chat says,
my podcast is stuck to YouTube, but it's mostly convenience,
though we do not simulstream over on Twitch.
I want to be very clear when I'm talking negative about YouTube.
I'm talking about myself as a content creator.
I'll still watch YouTube.
There's a lot of stuff I watch on YouTube.
Yeah, I watch YouTube all the time.
Yeah, and if you choose and YouTube's rules don't bother you,
and you choose to do YouTube, more power to you.
I support independent broadcasting in all fours.
That's going to be very clear.
If you're choosing to do YouTube, cool.
That's between you and YouTube.
Between me and YouTube, I'm done.
Well, and the thing with YouTube too is a lot of the creators on there
know that they aren't making money from YouTube,
so that's where the whole Patreon and outside subscriptions and stuff like that work.
Yeah, yeah.
Anyway, that was not the tangent I was expecting,
but I guess this whole streaming games is just going to get bigger and bigger and bigger, right?
Especially as we move on to the next round of consoles
and see what kind of stuff is built in, and who knows?
That's one of those things that people still expect Nintendo to unveil,
is here's how to stream your game live on Twitch.
Well, now, we just talked about this whole thing
where Nintendo has a partnership on YouTube and not on Twitch.
Do you think Nintendo is going to build Twitch streaming into the Switch?
I doubt it. Although, Twitch, tWitch is pretty funny.
Twitch, tWitch.
tWitch, tWitch.
Ah, forget it.
Hey, let's talk about Halo.
Jamie's not here. Let's talk about Halo.
Oh, Halo. Naughty.
No, even if she was here, we would have to talk about this
because this is new and current and relevant news.
No, all Halo jokes aside, Halo Infinite is Halo 6.
So, instead of another game coming out later called Halo 6...
Well, that's alright. Final Fantasy Online was Final Fantasy XI, so you know.
Well, but they never really called it that anyway.
But Halo Infinite is Halo 6. This is confirmed by 343 Industries.
And this was during a Mixer stream where Halo writer Jeff Easterling
I hope I said that right, said,
It's Halo 6. You should just consider it Halo 6.
Don't think of it as a weird prequel kind of thing.
It's the next story. It's the next chapter in what's going on.
So this is Halo 6, but for whatever reason they're calling it Halo Infinite.
And that could be because of the, you know,
We're thinking like an always persistent world, kind of like the Destiny games have had.
You know, but maybe hopefully a little bit different.
Because I kind of feel like we've been there, done that with Destiny.
But maybe this is going to be Halo's version of that.
But whatever you want to slice it, it is Halo 6.
So, that's cool.
Other things about Halo is that there's going to be a Halo crossover in Forza Horizon 4, it appears.
And this is thanks to yet another leak.
There was an image dump on Imgur that showed some images of an early version of the game
that showed the Warthog from Halo in the game.
I thought that they announced this a while ago.
Well, because the Warthog has been in Forza before.
Oh.
So that's not new.
But the Warthog in these pictures is in a beach area where there is a Covenant spaceship in the sky
and a Halo ring in the distance.
Okay, that's new.
That's new. Yeah, exactly. That part's new.
So, it looks like there may actually be a themed Halo event on the world map.
Because some people kind of saw this icon in like a trailer or something
that was on the world map in July in some preview or trailer.
So I guess, yeah, some people are data mining.
It looks like there's probably going to be a Halo event that involves like a Halo actual themed course.
But I think that's kind of rad. I'm open to that.
That's pretty cool.
If you can do Hot Wheels and all this other stuff that you do, why not?
Why not Blizzard? Why not a Blizzard course?
I'm sorry.
Because I was thinking of the Blizzard mountain.
You're also probably thinking of Destiny.
I am.
But I do mean, of course, Halo in this case.
So, Super Halo Kart. Why not?
Super Master Chief Kart.
Alright.
Anyway, speaking of Forza Horizon though, now's your last chance to get Forza Horizon 2.
It will be gone from the Xbox store as of September 30th.
Turn 10 and Microsoft are removing Forza Horizon 2 on September 30th.
It is Xbox Live Gold's game right now of the like free game that you can get.
So if you don't have it, you can get the regular edition free until August 31st.
But if you want to download the DLC for that, which I think there was like a Stormy Daniels DLC.
No, it's Storm Island or something like that was the DLC.
I don't know, I'd be kind of interested to see what that other DLC would be, but anyway.
And a random thought, because we have those every time I drive by the strip club that we have that's right next to the freeway.
Look and see who's on the marquee.
Yes.
She's coming to the strip club in October.
Oh, really? Fun.
That should be an OLR night out.
That's just a random thought I had.
Thank you for that thought.
That should be an OLR team building event.
Team building.
Alright. Anyhow. Why not? Jamie would have fun. We'd have a good time.
Alright, anyway. So anyway, they are saying that Forza Horizon 2 is being pulled because the title is End of Life.
So it's a, which.
Pull those servers. Long live Forza Horizon 4.
The servers got pulled a long time ago. So, you know, I think they kind of pulled those halfway through Forza Horizon 3's life cycle.
So you know what? I'm going to guess music licenses. Probably a big part of the reason why they are not going to be selling it anymore.
They can't stop selling the disc versions though. That's the great thing about, you know, having physical copies on discs.
This is true.
You can still buy those after the day.
Consider that.
But don't expect to be able to get DLC or anything else. So be sure to catch up on that.
If you have a copy of Forza Horizon 2 sitting around, make sure you've got all your freebies, make sure you've grabbed any DLC you want to get.
Get that before September 30th.
So yes, we just went from Halo to Forza to more Forza.
That was a lot of ground there, Loki. What's next?
Rumors and speculation.
Yeah, our favorite.
People have been staring.
Because remember during the last Smash event they had a green logo that was in the bottom that it was all pixelated and you're not supposed to know what it is yet.
So people have been staring cross-eyed and trying to figure out what it is.
Apparently the bottom of the frame wasn't as pixelated as everything else.
And so fans have made out that perhaps it says spirits.
And it has something to do with the fact that, you know, why we're seeing all of these characters getting killed.
No word exactly on what that's supposed to be, but it'd be interesting since we have seen several characters get killed in the trailer so far.
It's alluding to that.
Interesting.
I don't know what that would be about, but...
Alright, well, you know, I'll just chalk it up to another crazy Nintendo fanboy theory.
But alright, okay. Go ahead.
Next thing you're going to tell me is the Phantom Pains is Metal Gear Solid 5.
I don't know what to believe anymore. It's a wholly original game.
Going to chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Act F says, they're getting revived with the Dragon Balls. Goku confirmed.
S2 and Hunter Matt says, hmm, seems like a reach.
Dark 2 CD says, oh yeah, I forgot Mario got murdered in the Ridley trailer.
So there you go.
So, some of the comments in chat.
I'd be fine with Goku being in the game.
There's going to be 5,000 different modes in Super Smash Bros. and it's still not going to be enough for some people.
I want my single player mode from Wii. I actually like that quite a bit.
Wart didn't make the game, therefore it's trash.
And there's still months. Hey, if they haven't announced anything about their online service and that's coming out, there's still time.
Oh yeah, there's still time.
It's like reverse valve time.
There's always time for games to find their fans and get more sales and get a second wind in the game.
As Gone Home is about to experience, Gone Home is going to be releasing on the Switch very soon.
It was originally released in 2013 for the PC and then it came out on, what, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One like three years later.
Gone Home was supposed to arrive on the Wii U, but it never happened. Fancy that. I wonder why.
They just decided to cancel it on the Wii U and they moved it over to the Switch and now you can get Gone Home on the Switch starting August 23rd.
And there is a part of me, again, I liked Gone Home a lot.
I know Gone Home gets a lot of shit because it's not a very action-y type of game. It's very much an interactive story.
That's fine.
Some people call it a walking simulator to degrade the game. I don't necessarily think that's an insult.
Sometimes I like exploring new worlds to learn new stories and things and that was certainly a lot of what Gone Home was.
I hope this isn't too spoilery for Gone Home, but the game came out five years ago.
I think the whole thing for me with Gone Home is that I was expecting it to be a scary game.
So I was playing it the whole time thinking, oh god, I'm going to open one of these doors and the boogeyman is going to come out and rip my head off and it's going to be really explicit and all this stuff.
But it never happened and instead the game kind of ended up being this whole other thing that was actually really neat.
And that's kind of what I really liked about Gone Home was that you expected one thing, but you got something completely different.
I don't know, I kind of like that, but I guess other people are pissed off they didn't get eaten to death by zombies. That's what they were hoping for in Gone Home.
Now, are there people that still need to experience this? They don't own PCs?
I guess there is...
I have yet to play the game.
Are you going to check it out on the Switch?
I already have it on PC.
I just haven't played the game because it's a part of my Steam library.
I know, I hear you.
I probably have it on Playstation 4 too.
It was a plus title at one point.
I probably have it.
But I guess there is a small portion of Nintendo hardcore fanboys that just don't do a lot of PC gaming that aren't going to play the game if it doesn't come out on their consoles.
So I guess it's going to be good news to some people.
I'm not bagging on the game. I'm just kind of like, wow, who's left that wants to play this game that hasn't by now?
Because it has been so cheap on Steam.
And it has been a giveaway on these other consoles.
But I guess even a small subset of people, if it sells a few more copies, is going to be worth it.
And I imagine, kind of like Bobby was joking earlier, but is maybe not too terribly far from the truth.
And it's already in Unity and was published on Playstation 4 and Xbox One.
Click the export into the Switch button.
Obviously some of the button for the rules of the system and stuff have to be changed.
Yeah, there's more work than just that.
I know, but it's not like they're having to redo the whole game.
Right, that's true.
But I don't know.
I think what we really need.
Gone Home, I'm glad that there are more indie games that are coming to the Switch.
I just wish their marketplace was usable.
Yeah, the Nintendo market is getting pretty garbage.
And it does not lend itself well to discoverability of things that aren't new, if you don't know it's there.
Or at least Nintendo kind of needs a better online shop.
Like where you can buy stuff on the web and have it queued up to your Nintendo Switch.
Which you can do.
But the online version of the store is not terribly different from what you get on the Switch itself.
So it would be kind of neat if that was a little snappier and worked a little faster and had some better discoverability in it.
So, listen.
Dr. Suya in chat says, I do have it, Gone Home, on PC.
I'll probably check it out at some point when my new computer is back up.
You should. I mean, Gone Home will only take you, like, and maybe this is the other reason why people had a problem with it.
It's only like a two to three hour game.
Like it's like watching a long movie, basically.
It's not a terribly long game.
So, I mean, maybe if you really get stuck or confused and can't figure out where to go.
But mostly by retracing your steps and like, have I been through this door?
You'll figure it out. I don't think you're going to have lost too long.
Was it like, Firewatch is coming to the Switch too.
So I mean, it's like all of the Unity games.
So all of those quote unquote walking simulator games.
But they're all really good.
Honestly, like, this is going to be.
So, okay, so I think here's the genre to me.
Edith Finch, Gone Home, Firewatch, and Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
Out of those games, honestly, Firewatch is probably my least favorite of the four.
And that's not to say it's bad by any means.
I just wasn't thrilled with how the story kind of resolved at the end.
So they're like puzzle games?
Is it more like, you know, like Myst or something like that where you're like solving puzzles?
Or is it more of just kind of a story?
It depends on the game.
Like, I think there was a puzzle or two in Gone Home.
But it's nothing you can't figure out pretty quickly.
Because there was a game I liked except for the fact that the save system corrupted.
And it was all fucked up in that sense.
But there was a game called Ether One that was pretty interesting.
Where you're kind of like diving into people's memories or something like that.
And there was like a whole puzzle.
I mean, it's a puzzle game. It's a first person puzzle game.
But it was really good.
Just its own engine killed itself.
I mean, so that was the problem I ran into.
But here's the interesting thing. Out of all of those games, my absolute favorite is Everybody's Gone to the Rapture.
And in that one, there is absolutely no puzzles.
It's just exploration.
And learning different parts of the story that unfold as you explore new areas.
And find these new places to go and look around.
Because again, the whole thing about Everybody's Gone to the Rapture is that nobody's there.
So it's like you're going through this town revealing its memories.
You're going through people's shit when they're not there to learn more about them.
And it's really interesting. To me, it was just a really interesting way to tell a story.
And I loved the story in that game. The ending wrecked me. It's great.
But you know what? I know people that fucking hate that game.
It's truly different folks like different types of games.
It's just like movies.
Oh yeah, you're right. It's just like movies.
Every movie that comes out is an action movie.
And for me, a lot of the big bang explosion action movies, I'm like, who cares?
Although, I can be honest. If I'm going to go see a movie like Transformers,
I'm not going to expect anything but, or better yet, Independence Day.
You know exactly what you're going to get when you go see a movie like Independence Day, right?
It's just, what's that guy, Roland Emmerich? All his movies are blow shit up.
You know when you go see something, you're going to see something get blown the fuck up.
You know it's going to be stupid.
It's going to be stupid.
But if you go in expecting anything different, then that's kind of your own fault.
And that's exactly how I reviewed the Mamma Mia sequel last week.
If you go in there expecting anything different than, you know, a bunch of older men and women
dancing around to ABBA songs and Cher shows up and steals the whole fucking thing.
Like if somehow you're expecting anything less than what you're going to get when I describe it as that.
There's no Italians in this at all.
Anyway.
Let's see. I'm looking at chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Bonds006 says, so Gone Home is how to commit B and E, breaking and entering.
Well, that's kind of how the game starts.
Except it is your parents' house.
So is it really breaking and entering?
I don't know.
Let's see. I'm going to chat at live.vognetwork.com.
Some folks are talking about The Meg. Tigerfly says, you see The Meg. It's a fun movie.
Is that the, like...
The giant shark one.
What is that? Is it Shark Week?
Because we got that, we got Sharknado. Was Sharknado tonight?
They had a final Sharknado, which like is time travel and stuff like that.
All I heard was that Alaska Thunderfuck is in that movie, and that makes me...
That's a drag queen from RuPaul's Drag Race.
So, I mean...
I don't know what she plays, but I'm sure it's great.
I love that Sharknado is basically...
Like, Sharknado is a ridiculous thing to begin with, and then there's like...
We're embracing this camp. We're just going full camp.
Turn the camp to 11.
The thing about Alaska Thunderfuck is that she talks a certain way.
And she's very overacting in the way that she delivers her lines.
When she's talking and on stage and presenting, it kind of sounds like this.
So I'm just thinking, like, in the movie, it's going to be like, what?
It's going to be amazing.
I've never seen any of the Sharknado movies, but I know people that, like, obsess.
Because it's going to be garbage, but you know what kind of garbage it is going into it.
Yeah, it's true. That's true.
All right. Anyhow...
It's like Earth Defense Force.
You know that the construction of the game is garbage, but you know what you're expecting,
and that's what you go in there expecting is exactly what you get.
All right, we've got a couple more stories, then we're going to get to the classic game of the week. Loki.
All right, so apparently there has been a court case that has blocked the sale of some online cheating tools for Grand Theft Auto Online from being sold.
So that's good, I guess.
So apparently, yeah, the U.S. District Court of Southern District, New York, they issued a preliminary injunction against a guy that was selling cheating software for Grand Theft Auto 5.
And apparently this is an ongoing lawsuit between Take-Two Interactive and David Zipper.
That's his name, Zipper.
Because the company claims he has threatened irreparable harm to its game and business by creating cheating programs online.
Well, yes, of course, because this is their cash cow. They make so much fucking money from Grand Theft Auto Online.
Of course they're going to come after him. Of course.
This is so interesting in this day and age, because I've heard of World of Warcraft going for people like this.
I've heard of, I think, some other online shooty-shoot games that sue the people that make these cheats and stuff.
This very interesting side effect of gaming today is that back in the day when things were single-player experiences,
people made cheats and it was whatever, whatever, because it was single-player.
But now that real money is involved, multiple people are involved, yeah, game companies are really not having it with these robots.
Yeah, because they're making tons of money, and basically this mod would give you the abilities to give yourself money.
And that takes money from Take-Two, and they're not going to have any of it.
But, yeah, he had a program called Menu, and basically it was sold for $10.
And it was a mod for Grand Theft Auto 5 that let players use money-making exploits while playing the game's online portion.
And then also you'd be able to do other things to make yourself, you know, invulnerable and whatnot.
And then I guess he also broke off, I guess, and started selling a second program called Absolut, which was $20 to $40.
Like the vodka?
Sort of.
Okay.
But, yeah, so basically he's in a whole lot of trouble.
Alright, well, think twice before you make a cheat program that's going to mess with an online thing,
because the developers of the game may not be happy with you, especially if they're making a lot of money off that online thing.
They're making tons of stuff. I mean, they're doing lots of free content, but all of that content costs in-game money, so, you know.
So, we've heard a lot about the ROM sites out there getting shut down because of, you know, Nintendo, you know,
kind of wanting to protect, you know, their intellectual properties and all this stuff.
We got into that a little bit last week.
It's going to be interesting to see what Nintendo thinks of this.
It is a new, like, device. It's not Nintendo's device, obviously.
This is something else coming out.
The Classic 2 Magic.
It is an attachment for the Super Nintendo Classic Mini that will allow you to add more games to Nintendo's little hardware.
What it is, but it's not like a hack your Super Nintendo Classic.
It's an actual little device that you plug into it that you then can plug cartridges into.
So you use real cartridges.
It's still hacking the device.
And then it powers, basically, your device, yeah, by basically hacking into it.
But, anyway, you can back up the ROMs, wink, and copy the ROMs, wink,
thanks to the inclusion of a USB drive that is also available with this thing.
They are also doing one for the NES Classic Mini.
It's going to be, what, $59.95, I think, if this is coming out, if Nintendo doesn't try to shut this down.
But I don't know if Nintendo would shut this down because, A, I have to be honest,
$59.95 seems a little steep for me for this because can't you just get a Retron for that price?
Or one of the other many knockoff hardware things that will play, like, just instantly dump the games and play them on the TV?
Like, don't Retron consoles only cost, like, 50 bucks at this point?
Or I'll just go with one of the many other ROM sites out there and just download the fucking game.
I'm like, if I have a physical copy of the cartridge, I'm not paying $60 to dump my own ROM,
to play the same ROM that I can download online.
Fuck it. You know what? Just, who cares?
And Brad from PodCulture in our chat points out it still hacks. It alters the firmware.
Um, yeah, it does. It has to. That's the only way it's going to be able to work.
Oh, whoops! We left this functionality in. Dope.
It'll be interesting to see if Nintendo has anything to say about that.
And Brad from PodCulture says, not the Retron 5.
What about the Retron, don't they just call it Retron HD?
And I think it's the one that only does, because Retron 5 does, like, Game Boy and everything.
But isn't there, like, a Retron that only does, like, Nintendo and Super Nintendo?
Maybe Sega Genesis as well, like, a Retron 3?
I feel like, there's all these different configurations out there.
They, like, they sell the Retron at Fry's Electronics now.
Yeah, that's all public domain now, I think, the copyrights for this.
Yeah, I think the hardware copyrights expire after, what, like, 25 years, is it?
Yeah, something like that.
So, wouldn't PlayStation 1's copyrights come up, like, 2019?
Are we gonna start to see knock-off PlayStation?
I think that's gonna be interesting, that they'll have, they're gonna,
Yeah, they're gonna sell, like, PlayStations that you can hook up via HDMI,
before the actual PlayStation 4 will play those games.
Do you think that might pressure Sony to do backwards compatibility, at least for PS1 games?
If the patents, and again, I am no expert on patent law,
but my understanding is, the reason why these Retrons and things are allowed to exist,
and Nintendo cannot come after them, is because the NES, and the Super NES, and the Genesis,
and all these systems that it's, I mean, they've been out for so long, that the technology patents are up.
It's great, like, I went over to our local record used store, Dimple, or whatever,
so they have, like, if you want to get into all that retro stuff, they have retro everything,
like game controllers, like, oh hey, I want a Nintendo 64, well here's everything you need,
you know what I mean, and even the games, it's fantastic.
Yeah. So, hmm, I'm very curious to see what happens, yeah, if it's,
because PlayStation 1 was 1994 or 1985, might not be till 2020.
I didn't get mine until 97, so I don't know.
I got mine when Final Fantasy VII came out.
I want to say I remember a friend talking about playing Mortal Kombat on PlayStation,
when I was a senior in high school, which was in 95, 96.
I suppose, if only I had this vast information source in front of me, called the internet,
I suppose that I could find out using said internet, maybe if there was an engine to search in.
Do you think there might be a Wikipedia article that would just have it right there in the sidebar?
Yeah, I mean, probably, yeah.
Well, now with PlayStation, because it's like, I don't know, which PlayStation are you talking about?
Which PlayStation do you mean, the PlayStation Family, or the PlayStation?
Uh, 94, December 3rd.
Okay, so then that means December of 2019, if, I mean, I don't know, but see, I'm no expert on this.
I don't want to get, like, Rob, you said this, I don't know how this all exactly works,
because for some things, like, Disney still manages to protect Mickey Mouse, like, all these years later.
That's trademarks, yeah.
Oh, okay, trademarks are trademarks.
Oh, okay, I get it now.
So they could, they, yeah.
But they keep extending it, like, every time Mickey Mouse-
Because they're assholes.
Yeah, I know, Disney lobbies Washington to extend that stuff, because, but at the same time,
can you imagine what would happen if Mickey Mouse suddenly became public domain?
Have you seen his normal cartoons now?
It's like fucking, like, Ren and Stimpy or SpongeBob, it's like, fuck, like, what the fuck happened to Mickey Mouse?
I'm just thinking about all the pornos people are going to make with Mickey Mouse.
Oh, yeah, they'll start then.
Or cell phone games starring Mickey Mouse. Anyway.
Oh, yeah, like, that's going to hold them back.
It's not going to happen anyway, because it got extended so far.
No, like, seriously, my kids watch, you know, the Mickey Mouse, like, cartoons on the YouTube Kids app and stuff.
Oh.
And it is fucking obnoxious now.
Like, I mean, like, the old cartoons are kind of weird and stuff, but, like, they're fucked up looking.
Like, it's like crystal meth Mickey Mouse is what it is.
Does the old Mickey Mouse stuff get into that really, like, yucky, like, borderline, well, not even borderline, just, like, flat out racist stuff that some of the old cartoons got into?
Because some of these cartoons were made during World War II and stuff when people were really fucking racist.
I don't know about that, but, like, the new Mickey Mouse cartoon that they have now, because they tried to revamp it, just like they did with DuckTales, except DuckTales doesn't suck.
It's actually pretty good.
The new Mickey Mouse cartoon, it's like, it's seriously, like, crystal meth Mickey. It's just weird shit.
Well, obviously, anything new is gonna take, but, I mean, like, I know when they've released, like, the Warner Brothers collection, like, they have a big old disclaimer that's like,
Hey, you know, this, and I'm not gonna say it word for word, but it's only, like, hey, this is a product of a different time, so the views expressed here do not express the way that we think now,
but to suppress this stuff would be to hide that this stuff exists, you know, and we have to learn from the mistakes that we've made in the past.
Just something like that. The Warner Brothers has a pretty tactful little disclaimer on their thing, you know, so I'm just, I'm, you know, I know they made a lot of, like, cartoons that you go back and watch now.
Like, some of, like, the Popeye cartoons and stuff from back in the day are like, dang, like, this is, you know, but it was very much a product of a different era, you know, when racism was everywhere in part because we were at war with other countries, you know?
You know, anyway, just interesting. Anyway, going to our chat over at live.vognetwork.com. Tigerclaw says, did you hear Donald's new voice?
Yes, yes, I, yes, I did see that, where Don Cheadle was doing the voice of it. I did watch that clip, yeah.
sjo100matt kind of pointing out that Song of the South is still banned. That's still a thing that Disney, at least in the US, I believe in other countries, Disney has, like, kind of obscurely released, you know, for collectors that need to have everything.
But it's interesting because that movie is banned, but yet Splash Mountain is still such a big ride at Disneyland, which, like, the song Zippidy-Doo-Dah comes from that movie, so it's interesting.
The kids don't know that, though.
No, kids don't know that. They don't.
So, interesting. And bonds006 kind of also reinforcing about the disclaimer there. They do state that the contents can be offensive. Yeah, I mean, in the lens of our society today, they are very offensive, but, you know, we have to learn from the mistakes of the past, or we're doomed to repeat it, I suppose.
Alright, anyhow, let's talk about, before we get to the Classic Game of the Week, I also want to talk about SNES Party. So, speaking of other things that Nintendo may or may not shut down, apparently there's a new emulator called SNES Party, and it's being branded as an experimental way to play SNES games with your friends online, all within your browser, using WebRTC. Well, this is gonna go well.
I see no faults with this.
Yeah, so before Monday, and the law office is open, you might want to head over to SNES.party if you want to check this out, because it's just, you know, again, the law office is open Monday morning, and this will probably be gone by then.
But if you want to check that out, you can. I haven't checked this out, but apparently people play online, and it works pretty well. I did not think online play in emulators was anything new. I seem to remember SNES9X had online.
I did not think online play in it a long time ago, so it was kind of, you know, because the internet wasn't as fast then, it wasn't as good. It's probably better now, but yeah.
If you want to check that out, you can. Enjoy it before it's gone. Alright, but I think while we're enjoying some Super Nintendo classics, maybe we ought to enjoy some other classic games of the week.
And thanks to what we know as, is Bobby Black Wolf out there, Radio Magic. We are joined by the one and only Dark Sakura for the classic game of the week. Hi.
Hi. It's so, you're here. I am. It's like I'm actually here or something. It's like you never left us in the first place.
I'm working stuff out to make it at least to some damn life. Alright, no, it's all good. I gotta pay my bills. Alright.
Well, we gotta educate the children on a classic game of the week, and I think this is one I bet very few have played. It is actually one of the first MMOs.
But this is important. I think this is an important cornerstone of gaming history. What is the classic game of the week?
The classic game of the week is Gemstone and all of its iterations that have existed, all four of them.
And there's no background music this week. No, because it was a text game. It was a mud. It was a mud.
Basically, and if you don't know what a mud, it's a multi-user dungeon or multi-user dimension as some places called it. But this is what we had in the day.
We were playing World of Warcraft in DOS. That was a mud.
You throw shit at Orgrim Doomhammer. Doomhammer punches you into oblivion. Now you're in another game.
Jaina cries and casts ice spells wildly.
Yeah. Anyway, Gemstone 4 was the last one, but basically the whole game is sort of a high fantasy in a world called Alanthea.
There were a bunch of different versions of it. The original Gemstone was actually nothing but a demo for Genie, as in capital G, capital E, N-I-E.
So not like Robin Williams playing the Genie in Aladdin. It's Genie!
Genie was General Electric Network for Information Exchange, which was an old online service that was like, I think it peaked in 94.
It was like AOL or CompuServe, but worse.
Or as we called Compusuck back in the day. And Buttigy.
Hey, I loved Prodigy.
I know, but we called it Buttigy.
We've gotten into this argument before.
We were the AOL crowd.
Yeah, I know. AOL's where all the lame-o's were at. Lame-o-L.
Hey, I met my husband there.
Wow.
Okay, well keep in mind, I was on AOL like in AOL 2.5 that ran in DOS.
Was that the version that came on every CD-ROM for free?
No, that was AOL 3.
Oh, okay.
Anyway, the first playable version was called Gemstone 2, but it was like a closed bracket and an open bracket, so it looked kind of like a weird Roman numeral thing.
And it came out in 1988 on Genie, and it was seriously one of the first MMORPGs, and it is one of the longest running online games still active.
Wow.
Yes, Gemstone is still around.
So guess what I'll be livestreaming after the show tonight. No, I'm just kidding.
That would be fun, though.
The interface actually looks pretty interesting now, but I'll go into that.
It has always been subscription-based through the website or different ways, but you also have different subscription levels like Premium, Platinum, and Shattered.
And then there is a free-to-play model that started in March 2015.
So as far as the current iteration of it, it is built on the Symmetronics engine, the IFE, which means Interactive Fiction Engine.
And it's capable of changing nearly any aspect of the game on the fly, which allows updates with no downtime.
Imagine if you were in WoW and it just patched while you were playing. Could you imagine that? No, because WoW never works.
Well, actually, it does like to download stuff in the launcher. To be fair, Dark Saga, the launcher kind of does that.
Yeah, yeah. Anyway, so it means that the game is rarely offline. It has a full 24-hour uptime cycle with the occasional crash, and crashes are rare.
So it is nothing but a text medium. It can be played with a Telnet interface.
Can you imagine being the engineer assigned to make sure that Gemstone is up and running and just sitting there?
Yeah, I've been running the same online game for 30 years. We haven't changed a goddamn thing.
Well, they have changed things. That's what I'm going to get into.
So basically, the oldest interface for Windows was called the Wizard Front End. But since then, it actually was superseded by the Storm Front in 2003, which basically lets you point-and-click on text in the item to see what your available responses are.
You got a big storm coming.
So you click on Big Storm Coming, and you get options Run Like Fuck, Dig a Hole, Cry, or Shit Your Pants.
Oh, but I've played the game called Don't Shit Your Pants. When does that become eligible for Classic Game of the Week?
Eventually.
You will make it Classic Game of the Week, right?
One day.
We have to make sure this show goes another seven or eight years, just so that we can ensure the very last Classic Game of the Week we ever do is Don't Shit Your Pants.
Yeah.
So anyway, there's a Java one that has a browser called escape. There is still the Wizard one that exists for Mac Classic, and a front end called Avalon for Mac OS X.
There are no Linux clients, because no one likes Linux people, apparently, and Linux people have to run wine to be able to play these things in other versions.
So basically, Gemstone, the original Gemstone, the one that was a demo, was demonstrated in 1987, and then it was, like I said, only a model.
And then in April 1988, Gemstone 2 became available to G&E customers.
It was short lived. Gemstone 3 came out into beta testing in 1989, and launched in 1990.
Now here's the fun part. I played the fuck out of Gemstone 3 on AOL in 1995.
Yes. Is old.
And so it really just maintained some significant parts of it, but not all of it, and the character records were not brought over in the transition, so everyone had to start over.
Gemstone 3 evolved into Gemstone 4 November 2003, but all of the game world and character records were the same.
And it was supposed to promise, Gemstone 3 was, that players could receive real life versions of the gems played in game.
It originally was operated with a license to use Rollmaster game mechanics and the Shadow World environment from Iron Crown Enterprises.
Then again, they let it also expire in 1995, and removed all the ice intellectual property from Gemstone.
So a lot of stuff was really changed, like the name of the world was originally Colthea, and it went to Alanthea, and then they renamed their deities.
Basically they called it de-icing. So I wish we could de-ice the real world. Gemstone became available on AOL in September 1995, which was when I was in my second year of college.
And when some of our listeners were not born.
Shut up. But that was after the de-icing. It had already been on CompuSuck and Buttigy before that. Sorry, CompuServe and Prodigy.
When AOL went to flat rate pricing, Gemstone actually went to 1.4 million customer hours in a single month.
Going between 2,000 to 2,500 simultaneous players. Could you imagine?
So that was like when the plus pricing for bonus stuff was no longer around. It was just part of your monthly fee or whatever.
I had a free account though during those days because I was a chat host for Cartoon Network.
Oh, that's so random.
Did you know that?
Now that you said it, yeah, I remember you telling stories about it. It's not one of those things. This is my friend Jamie, and she was the moderator for Cartoon Network in 1995.
On AOL.
Back in the day, because this was right when they announced, when we were picking our names, I found out ahead of time that Cartoon Network was getting Voltron.
So I was like, I want CNW Allura for my name, because you pick a character. So I got Allura and my friend, who is still on buddies with on Facebook, was CNW Keith.
So we used to just give each other crap the whole time in chat. It was pretty funny.
Anyway, back to this. Gemstone was really well received. For being a surprisingly empty game environment, it got a lot of people involved in there.
But as I said, as it went down, it became a much more rewarding experience with built-in commands, so you didn't have to guess.
And other types of character ability, you could eventually evolve characters to have different abilities and traits. It was really awesome.
In 1997, it actually called it one of the top ten online game picks.
And at the time, the game was getting over 50,000 hours of use a month. And it was the 1998 finalist for online game of the year.
And in 1996, it was AOL Member's Choice Awards.
So Gemstone Foreshadowed came out in May 2010. And it was released with an unrestricted PVP combat system and no policy against automated play.
And that brings us up to date with Gemstone that is still running. And honestly, I hope it never goes away, because fuck, we need a mud every so often.
And that's it.
That's it! So you're encouraging our listeners this week to get out there and play in the mud.
And read.
Reading is what?
Fundamental.
And now the library is closed.
Anything else you need to tell the folks out there listening before we head off for this week?
If things work out, I may still stop by.
Okay. Oh, so you may show up later in the show anyway.
Yeah, because I actually do have Sunday off, but it's my sister event.
Right.
So if everything works out, I may still be able to come by.
She's so unpredictable!
Well, I told you earlier things.
Alright, let's get back to the show.
But we have, we have leis and oreos to eat.
We do. Alright, well, but we got to magically go back to the present and do the show.
Whereas in the past, we're getting, you know, hefty and snacking away.
Alright, bye.
Welcome back everybody to Orange Lounge Radio.
A big thank you to Dark Sakura's Classic Game of the Week.
Isn't that interesting that, man, Radio Magic works so fast because I just got this text like in the seconds while that little thing was playing from Dark Sakura that says,
I'm not making it to the rest of the show. I'm tired and overwhelmed. I'm going to shower and face a ros.
She had some good, I think, I think I'm okay to share this with you guys because she talks a lot about her sisters of perpetual indulgence and the stuff she's going through.
So tonight they elevated her to like, she's a full on sister now.
So be like, she, she made the frat. She's been rushing the frat this whole time she made the frat and they made her a sister tonight.
So that's really exciting for her. So that's awesome. Yeah, no, it is awesome.
So, um, yeah, so, so that's why she's a very exhausted, but I knew, see, and you might be like, isn't she missing the show cause of work?
Yes, but tonight would have been a night that she was going to be preplanned out anyway because of this other stuff.
So anyway, she has a very busy life and she will make time for you where possible and we'll make time for some rapid fire news right now. Loki.
Yes. We'll just talk about halo, halo, halo, halo, halo, and more halo. But first we're going to talk about Soul Calibur 6.
You're the one that will get the death penalty, not me.
I'm not afraid of death. Um, Soul Calibur 6 has gone gold apparently and there's some more, um, character and story details coming soon.
Um, so there's a tweet that our souls are burned into the disc. Let's see how much fuel I have left.
And then, you know, I guess I'm assuming that there's going to be an announcement at Gamescom that we're going to have, um, about Soul Calibur 6 and its story and stuff. So that'd be pretty cool.
Um, apparently there's going to be an upcoming season pass as well, which is going to include four additional characters additionally, um, or in addition to the 17 already announced.
And that they said that the, I don't know, um, yeah, due out on the 18th of October. So I'm guessing that we're going to be seeing some more information come this week during Gamescom.
Absolutely. Yay. I can't wait for Soul Calibur 6.
All right. And then, um, did they already, are they going to have guest characters this time?
You know, what was funny is I was thinking of that today. I was like, did they ever announce who the guest character was? And yes, they did. And we covered it some time ago. It is Geralt from The Witcher.
Oh, right, right. I wasn't sure if that was like a, you know, system specific thing, but I guess.
No, it's kind of like Ezio. The last round was in Soul Calibur 5 was in all the games. They, they, I think, uh, four was the last time they had.
Gone the days of Darth Vader and Yoda.
Well, but even then, if I remember right, it started that way and then they made the other DLC. Like you could download Yoda.
Yeah. So even then it still ended up being all the same. So I think the last like true, true separate exclusives was probably two. Did, did three have exclusive?
I'm trying to remember if three had an exclusive character, a guest character on three, but three was only on PlayStation. It was not on Xbox.
Yeah. So I don't know, but obviously everyone remembers Soul Calibur two because everybody remembers link and the GameCube version of the game, which was amazing. So yeah.
But, uh, Geralt is the, uh, from The Witcher is the guest character at this time around. Cool. Yeah. All right. And then a PlayStation VR hits 3 million in sales.
They've sold 3 million. So VR is dead. Of course. I'm hoping to see some more.
Well, I know they have more VR games coming out, but I'm hoping to see some more VR games come out.
I, I've still been a very bad boy and not really playing my PlayStation VR, but you see my living room. It's a disaster.
It's going to happen eventually. I mean, the Tetris is when Tetris comes out, it's fucking happening. Like I'm so excited. What did they, do they have that game dated yet?
I think it's October. I think it's October. I'm so excited. But, uh, there's some YouTube's out there where you can like really see it. Like they, they showed a lot more from, from E3 and, but rez rez is pretty awesome.
I played rez in VR. I want to play that. There's other VR stuff I want to play too. Uh, you got me the, uh, as much as I am not the biggest fan of boo jumpscare games, I will play it.
It's not all that jump. I mean, it's, it's, it's, it's fun. I love that game.
I played it when Shane brought his thing. Cause you know, he loves until dawn. He brought his VR over one play. He made me play it. It was, it was fun.
I love that game. It was like, seriously, my, my most favorite game on there. And I hope they make a sequel to it someday because it's fantastic. It's, it's just such a fun game.
Until dawn or the rush of blood, the rush of blood, like an until dawn two is a gimme like there that has to be under development.
Like they, I don't think they've officially announced it, but I would be, I would be floored if that game is not under development.
Or at the very least, like, you know, being that it can do rollercoasters pretty well, I'd love to see like a rollercoaster game that didn't suck cause they have like a, there's one that's like, Oh, build your own rollercoaster game is made in unity. But it was shit. It was absolute dog shit.
What do you think this means? So for VR, cause that's, that's pretty good. I can't imagine the HTC Vive and, and Oculus have reached similar numbers because I mean, and that's not, it's just a PC.
It's a little, you have to be a little more hobbyist enthusiast to really kind of, whereas PlayStation VR is very plug and play, which was what it was always going to be.
We knew this when they announced it for PlayStation. It's going to be a great like entry level VR for people.
I still want to get like a VR set up for my computer because my computer can run. I've got 10 60 in it, so I can run it. Um, I just don't know.
And I think a big problem with VR and much like you want the other motion gaming that they had is you need the space for it.
And I granted, like, I know that not everything requires me to stand up and that's why until dawn rush of blood is fantastic because you can just sit there in a chair and play the whole game.
In fact, they actually, it's better to kind of sit there in a chair and play the game.
The other reason why I want to set up the PlayStation VR, you can do the 3D Blu-rays.
Yes. Remember that? Tron. I have Tron 3D Blu-ray. I do have that. I think that's like one of two 3D Blu-rays I own. Tron and the Lion King.
Why not? Sure. An interesting double feature night. Yeah. Yes. I do want to watch Tron in 3D again. That'd be awesome.
But, uh, God, like anything, Tron and VR would be fantastic. Why hasn't that been a thing?
Well, because Tron video game didn't do too well. It wasn't. Well, that's because it wasn't VR. I mean, we had, I don't know.
I think it was for plenty of reasons. We're going to have to have somebody make something that it's in the cyberspace and it looks like Tron, but it's not Tron.
All right. Well, didn't, didn't they do that with, um, uh, Saints Row, fucking the universe. They go into the universe. That's all like Tron theme is like, it's not Tron wink, the cyberpunk stuff.
Yes. They do like the whole, like, Oh, we're going into a computer thing. And okay. But it's like, all right, because I mean, well, this is like back when the matrix is supposed to be a thing.
It was supposed to be the dominate tricks. Get it? Ha ha ha. Right. Right. S and M ha ha matrix.
Uh, let's see. Tiger class says, if we get a new Tron VR game, it will probably be when they reboot the Tron movie.
Uh, sadly I'm losing hope that Tron three is ever going to happen because the, the actor and actress, Olivia Wilde, is that her name?
And, uh, Garrett Hedlund, like surely their contract, like they're holding windows gotta be coming up like that. You can only hold them for so long to make them do it.
And, uh, I don't know if that's still going to be there. I just see bad. They have like a really awesome premise and it's just like, it sounds like if you know what you believe or whatever, uh, tomorrow land.
Remember that George Clooney movie that tanked called tomorrow land. That is why there's not a new Tron movie.
I know. I think it's shitty too, but that's, well, it's because they found out, Hey, we can spend money and make a Tron movie, which might make its money back.
Or we can make yet another Star Wars movie. The cram that, that didn't help. I mean, that's also one of the downsides to Disney having got Star Wars is that that's their scifi thing now, you know, but here's, you know, all hope is not lost because remember we are getting that Tron ride has been so successful in Shanghai.
They are bringing it to Disney. It does look fucking awesome. I've watched the right, the, the, you know, I have never been to Disney world.
I will go to Disney world when Tron ride happens, Bobby black Wolf. I know you'll be there too. When Trump ride happens, I'm going to find, I don't even think Bobby black Wolf does roller coasters, but I feel like he's going to do that one night.
I feel like that'll be, that'll be the day he gets over it real fast, all that bad. I mean, it is, no, it doesn't go upside down or anything like that. It's, but you do have to lean forward. That's a little weird.
It kind of just looks like the, uh, the radiator Springs racers kind of just amped up a little more. It's kind of what that looks is what the Tron ride looks like to me, but I'm fucking doing it.
Like I'm so, and I feel like maybe if that does like really fucking well and like it shows that there's interest and the merchandise sells and all that stuff, then people, cause you know, there's going to be all new merchandise and they opened up that right here.
So that's, what's going to have to sell really crazy. I, I really don't understand. Like I get it. Like, let's not make Tron a movie or something like that, but they can do like the show was supposed to be pretty cool.
Like I watched like the first episode of the show cause I didn't have whatever Disney channel that was on and that was pretty awesome. No, I should really go and download the rest of that stuff. I should go find that somewhere.
And Bobby Black Wolf confirms in chat. I will do this one. I love radio Springs racers, i.e. test track in Florida, which is the ride it's basically adapted from. So right. Yeah.
Yeah. I figured Bobby and his roller coaster, like he's going to, he's going to, there's exceptions to every rule and Tron will get around the world.
I like what they did with California Screamin' now that it's the Incredicoaster. That looks pretty awesome.
Yeah. You know, I thought I'd be really pissed off about it, but it looks kind of fun.
It's kind of neat. Yeah. I'm going to miss Neil Patrick Harris though as the voice on the ride, but that's it. Yeah.
To register participation for this week's episode of Orange Laundry Radio at vognetwork.com use the passphrase scale.
All right. Anyhow, moving on. Let's talk about, let's talk about Sonic and more importantly, Sonic shitty friends. That's right.
We have some more characters announced for team Sonic racing, such as memorable favorites from the series, including alligator guy, silver, silver, the hedgehog blaze, the cat and alligator guy.
That's his name is actually King K rule. No, it's not. It's vector of the crocodile, but look at the car. Look at the car. He drives Loki. What is that?
That is a fucking Tron mobile. Actually. I believe that's a silver hedgehog's car. Cause I think, uh, I think, uh, alligator, I'm sorry.
Vector drives this little thing with the chompy thing. And then I think she drives that generic character. She drives that purple thing in the back.
So this, this is look, he has little Tron discs in his arm. So silver, the hedgehog is like Tron as character.
Riddler. No. Anyway, sadly, no Danica Patrick announced yet, but those are the latest characters in supersonic race. No team Sonic racing. Sorry. Hopefully I'll have a catchy theme song.
Uh, if you were looking forward to the spiral remaster trilogy, I'm sorry to report it has been delayed is delayed back to November 13th. That is like two months back from the original plan date of September 21st.
Uh, apparently, uh, the developer has said it needed more love and care. So a delay was necessary. Uh, the quote says everyone here at toys for Bob is so proud to be reigniting the original spiral trilogy after all these years.
We're deeply committed to getting these games, right? So we've decided to move the release date of spiral reignited trilogy to November 13th, 2018 more love and care.
I will bet money. You know what that's code for? You know what that's code for? I'm a bet money on this failed certification, but they're not going to say it failed certification on one of the platforms.
So now they have to put push it back as that. And that should, that they should take the time to get it right.
But usually like when they're, when they're very fucking vague about why the game got failed certification.
Deb's tweet me and tell me I'm lying. Sorry. I tell me I'm lying at mr Rob Roberts tweet me and tell me I'm lying. Failed certification. Sorry to hear that. Hope you pass the next one.
All right. It just, but it does make you kind of go, well, what fucking happened that it made it fail certification, but like the littlest, to be fair, the littlest thing can fuck it up.
Like if they, if they referred to the wrong button on the wrong console in one place, background color is wrong for our logo. It will, it will fuck flunk certification.
All right. Uh, let's travel around the world and check out what's coming out in stores with some release dates. What we'll get to play a little sooner. The games that have passed certification.
Yes, this game has passed certification. Get ready, Sonic. Get ready, Mario, because there's now, oh, and I should also say get ready Sanrio because technically that's also a racing game.
Now you're going to have to compete against all star fruit racing coming to the Nintendo switch. I haven't been contacted about being in a game. Sorry.
Also for not an all star. I actually saw this on a coming soon banner thing that they had at GameStop today. So it's, what do you race is like banana and grapes. What is, what is it?
It is basically imagine like if you will, uh, what like, um, you know, in wreck it Ralph, there's the whole, you know, candy racing game there. Sugar rush.
But imagine if sugar rush was designed by dentists and it was all about, you know, fruit. So it's sugar rush.
But when they made the cookie monster start talking about vegetables, it's, it's, it's all, you know, it's all fruit cars now. So they're throwing like strawberries at each other.
Nine out of 10. Dennis approved a fruit racing. It looks cute. I don't know what the game looks like, but so it's not, it's not like, like the California raisins and the fruit of the loom annoying orange.
It's not like actual fruit, right? It's just, yeah, like I'm looking at, I'm really, really quickly just kind of browsing. Um, what it looks like, it looks, looks decent. I mean, it's pretty, it, it's got, I don't know.
Yeah, no, no, no one. Eric asked game. No one here is getting this game next game. I'll get it on sale. Sure. Uh, anyways, so then the next game that we have coming a little bit more well known guacamelee too.
That's coming out on PC and PlayStation four coming to the brand new Nintendo system. The super NES return of double dragon.
It's coming to NES. Wait, like the actual like SNES according to this. Yeah. Okay. I'm supposed, I'm supposed to believe this. Sure. I don't know if that's actually legit, but maybe, um, but return double dragon coming out in the SNES.
Also this week we're finally getting the remasters of Shenmue one and two. Those are on PC, PlayStation four and Xbox one. Um, as mentioned before gone home is coming out on the switch this week.
Also my hero one's justice that's coming out on the switch and PlayStation four. And finally, um, we have a C formula one 2018 coming out on PC places for Xbox one little dragons cafe on the switch and PlayStation four.
And Rob, I know you've got to be excited about this coming to the Nintendo switch night trap, 25th anniversary edition. I'm kind of overnight trap at this point. Like it was funny.
Like the first time they're like, we're going to bring back night trap. I was like, Oh yeah, that game was so horrible. And now it's like, it was like the seventh time. It's like, guess what guys? Night traps coming back on the switch. I'm like, fuck off. We're done.
Now it's coming. I'm excited though. Cause not this week, but next week, donut country's coming out and that game I am all over.
Uh, chat on the double dragon thing, dark to see it says, don't forget return to double dragon is the Japanese improved version of super double dragon. I know I've brought it up before.
I Rama says the same thing. Return of double dragons is direct version of super double dragon. So, uh, and Bobby black Wolfen chat pointing out night trap will never come out on a Nintendo system said Nintendo to Congress in 1992 under oath.
They have lied. Arrest ready. Reggie fees may immediately, except he wasn't the one that said it. It was probably Howard Phillips who's probably enjoying retirement somewhere, you know, in the mountains of Seattle.
So fucking the FBI kicks down his door for us. Stop it. All right. Times have changed. All right, let's travel to Japan and Bobby black will says arrest both Howard Phillips and Nestor.
Pin it on Nestor. That's, that's what to do. Pin it on them. I want to see before, you know, you know, eventually there's going to be, oh my God, that should be the smash character. They do that would be awesome.
How would that, wouldn't you, I would lose my shit if that was like the last character they ever reveal was Nestor. That would be fucking bad ass. I'm sorry. Like you can take your Goku and shove it if we get no, no, no.
Even better. Like, you know how they always have like a mysterious villain. That's like the, you know, the big boss of the game or something like that. Yeah. Hidden shadows eventually become, you know, reveal that it's Nestor.
Oh my God. Was Nestor a thing in Japan or was that like only like is because the problem is if Nestor was not in Japan, which I don't know if Nintendo power even really was the thing over there, then I don't think it's going to happen before the animated super Mario brother movie, which will eventually get, I want to see a Howard and Nestor short.
Okay. All right. Can we travel to Japan? So we can travel in Japan. Let's check out the releases in Japan. Cause last week was kind of slow. This week it picks up again. We've got quite a few releases on the PlayStation four, including Boku no Hero Academia.
One's Justice, Floral Flow Love comes out this week, as well as a game called Boku to Nersu no Kenshu Nishi in regular and premium edition.
And Sayaku Naru Sayaku Ninjen ni Sasadgu comes out this week from Kemco and Gun Grave VR, the complete edition is out this week from XSeed as well as Conan Outcasts.
And this game sounds interesting to me, Liar Princess and the Blind Prince. I've never, never heard of that game, but that could be interesting. So there is that coming out on the PlayStation four this week as well.
On the Vita, Floral Flow Love and Koroshia to Strawberry comes out on the Vita cause the Vita still gets games in Japan. And then lastly on the Nintendo Switch this week, that same Liar Princess game as well as Boku no Hero Academia, One's Justice both out on the Switch this week.
Loki, would you shoot the UK for us?
Yes. So there's a game coming out that you might have heard of, Shenmue 1 and 2. Those are going to be, of course, remastered on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
A game that's called Mother Gun Ship. That's a fucking awesome name. It's a roguelike first person shooter shmup game. That's also on PlayStation four and Xbox one.
Formula One 2018. That's on PlayStation four, Xbox one and PC. A game called Punch Line coming to PlayStation four. And then finally, Warhammer 40K Inquisitor Martyr. And that's on Xbox one and PlayStation four.
Okay. Let's get to the mailbag because every week you send us email and we read it here. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com is the place where you can send emails to us to read on the show.
I'm reading these emails for a little bit while Jamie is out of the office for an extended period. Let's get to our first email tonight from Robert M who says, first of all, this is more for Jamie.
Well, too bad. She's not here, so it's for me. When I'm listening to the classic game of the week on most Mondays, I sometimes look on Wikipedia, one of a few websites or one of a few sites with gaming information not blocked at work for more information.
And I'm generally disappointed to find that the online article pretty well matches up with what was discussed. Of course, I'm not accusing anyone of wrongdoing.
Nobody there is being paid for these pieces and nobody else's opinions are being presented as your own. Just presenting the source factual information, including critical reception.
And yeah, we're not going to hide it. She uses Wikipedia as a source. A lot of us use Wikipedia as a source, but there's a lot of stuff that's interjected with our personal opinions and our stories as well.
And, you know, a lot of the reason why these games are picked in the first place usually has to do with some type of memory or something.
But it is an awfully convenient place where everything is kind of all in one place. And so, you know, that's oftentimes a go-to spot to get information.
Plot twist, I've done the same thing. My question is, what other sources does Jamie typically use besides Wikipedia and her own experience with the games?
I have seen other websites come up, especially for some of the more obscure stuff. I know Atariage has been used before for some of those classics.
I know there are some games that have dedicated websites sometimes. I mean, they can be found with a simple Google search.
If you go in and actually Google some of the other classic games, and usually these are things that are like, they were so obscure, they didn't even have a Wiki page.
Which has been some of the games that have been selected in the past. So, a lot of times there will be like, just like a fan website compilation of things that has been used before.
But I know Atariage has been used as a resource before. And I want to say Game Facts came up once, too. I remember thinking that was an interesting source that was there, too.
Honestly, if a simple Google search brings it up, you can probably find some of the other same websites, honestly.
Dungeon Buster in Chat says, Wikipedia is as good as a springboard. The citations and links at the end of the articles often lead to more interesting places.
Exactly. I think that's a good way to look at it. Wikipedia is a good compilation. It's a springboard. But, you know, then that leads to the discussion on everything else about the game and the memories and so forth.
Moby Games. Thank you, ActDeaf. I think that's one that's come up as well, too, Moby Games.
Anyhow, continuing on with Robert M's email. And, of course, this might be more for Rama, but I really hope someone does a Cells at Work AMV to They Might Be Giants The Bloodmobile.
I don't, that doesn't mean anything to me, so I'm hoping Rama gets that joke and will like LOL in chat or something like that. Anyway.
Robert M signs that email saying, also wants to see a skit where Rama Satome is splashed with water and turns into a sports car. So, maybe. Alright.
I mean, that's kind of silly. That's a whole GoBots thing.
Bobby Blackwolf in chat suggests Emu Paradise. Oops, not anymore.
Well, no. They still have information about stuff. You just can't download the ROMs there.
Yeah. So, honestly, they would probably love it if you'd use them as a resource. Did you know what I learned this week? They follow me on Twitter.
I've never, and I guess I follow them back, and I never really realized that until I started seeing all the tweets this week in my timeline.
I was like, oh, I never realized I actually followed that website on Twitter.
Hi, guys. Does anyone want to come on the show? Anyway, one more email tonight from YYR.
And, again, if you want to email us, and I think you should, participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com.
By the way, Rama, answering your question in chat, Robert M., Rama says, actually, I do cells at work to Weird Al.
Calling in sick. Anyway.
Let's get to YYR's email. Second and last email tonight.
Hello, LR. Long time listener, long time email. Hurt derp.
As I mentioned last week, I've been catching up on the episodes of OLR that I missed due to newbornitis.
On the July 1st episode, Loki once again lamented that his kids keep asking for Nintendo Labo,
but that $70 is way too much to pay for cardboard.
As a kid, I never saw myself growing up to one day defend inanimate pieces of cardboard, but here goes.
I believe that this is akin to saying, why are video games in the store $60?
Why am I paying $60 for a plastic disc?
The answer is that you're not paying for the plastic disc, you're paying for the experience that can be had with the disc,
and you're paying for the efforts of people who created said experience.
I have no concept of the amount of effort that must have gone into engineering and testing the Nintendo Labo variety kit,
which allows you to build several different projects.
But what I can tell you is that I bought one of these kits, and that during my teenage niece's recent visit,
she decided to build the Labo piano.
I balked at the menu screen's proclamation that it would take approximately 150 to 210 minutes to build,
but she didn't. She jumped right in.
The software gave her steps to follow one by one, specifically showing her what to punch out and where to fold every fold.
I got tired and went to bed.
When I woke up in the morning, there was a cardboard piano on our living room table with keys that actually pushed down,
and when you use the software's play mode, yes, it actually works.
Turns out it did take about three hours, and my niece had a lot of fun building it.
So when you put your money down on Labo, you are not only getting cardboard,
you are also getting several hours' worth of the building experience.
When you are finished, you don't just have a cardboard piano,
you have a working cardboard piano that you actually built yourself and can be proud of.
Even if you choose to toss it afterwards, you'll probably remember and look back on that experience, which can't be thrown away.
So I would recommend that you approach Labo like this.
Think of it as spending your money on the experience, not on the actual items contained in the box.
Although if you think about it, doesn't this apply to just about every video game we buy?
For the love of cardboard pianos, Aaron, YYR.
That's a sweet story, YYR.
I just don't see a similar story in my future, and that's why me personally, I'm not going to get Labo.
Do I understand why Labo is good for other people? Yes, I think it's great.
But for me personally, I would build the piano, which, I mean, I guess you could say would be an experience,
but, I mean, building IKEA furniture is also an experience.
A non-positive one if you have to do anything with their online customer service.
If you want to guarantee Alan and I to fight, have us build IKEA furniture.
Any bang-up fight we've ever been in has been over building furniture.
Oh no, IKEA furniture building is fucking easy.
I'm talking about dealing with their customer service department.
Oh, no.
If there's any knowledge that you can gain from this show today, it's this.
Never, ever order IKEA furniture through their online store.
You can shop online, you can browse online, but you purchase that shit in the fucking store.
You do not purchase it online, because they will fuck that shit up.
Okay, okay. Here's the thing though.
And I think I'm pretty sure I said this about Labo when it first came out, if I didn't allow me to say it now.
I would have ate this shit up if I was ten years old right now, and this stuff was coming out.
This would have been completely up my alley, I would have loved it.
Now, I'm honestly looking at it going, this is just going to be shit in my house.
And the thing is for me, that the games that they're coming, they're not really games.
They're tech demos that use the cardboard.
Which again, for kids to be like, wow, this thing that I built is so cool.
That's awesome, that's great.
For me, the 40 year old different gamer in a different place in his life, I'm just going to be like,
woo, I built it, I pushed buttons, things happen, yay.
I mean, is this keyboard mania? No. Is it a music? No.
It's just a little piano experience, which I'm sure will be fun for five minutes.
But for me, it's just not ultimately going to be worth $70 at the end of the day.
And it's not that I don't think, well, I still think it's expensive.
So I give it that for what it is. I still think it's expensive.
Yeah, you can argue that there's dev time in there, but I, whatever, okay.
For me though, it's I know my kids and I know my kids and how they do stuff.
And we have so much in the way of Legos that they don't want to build them.
They want to play with them and then they get bored with them immediately.
And so if I buy this, I'm going to be building all the projects, which is fine because I like doing that kind of shit anyways.
I will show it to them. They'll mess around with it for a little bit.
They'll fight over something and then they'll go back to playing on their tablets because that's what they do.
Or they'll just play Mario Odyssey. Like every time we go into a GameStop, it's, oh, I want to play the Mario Odyssey demo.
I'm like, you literally, I just literally took the switch away from you before we left.
You were playing Mario Odyssey and you're going to play Mario Odyssey again.
It's like, what the fuck? I mean, why are you guys fighting over this? We have this at home.
Stop it. I was like, I want to play Mario Kart, but we have it at home. You just got done playing with it at home.
It's like, fucking do something and I'll play a different game.
You know what, though? When I was younger, I would play Atari 2600 at home and then they would have the kiosk at the store and I would want to play Atari 2600 there.
Like, cause I, I picked up like,
But of course I would get to play different games on the, cause one of the stories you could flip between like 30 different games.
Cause I would pick up games that I thought my kids would like.
Like I buy, you know, oh, hey, here's this Mario and Rabbids game, you know, cause they said, oh, I really want to get that game.
I want to get some Mario game. I want to get it.
Fine. So I picked it.
Yeah. So I picked it up.
How often does that game get played?
Never. It never fucking gets played, you know, or it's just, they play the same thing.
I'm going to die if I don't get that game.
For some kids who like building and stuff, then yes, that would be perfect for them.
My kids sadly are not like that.
They're not like I was where I would sit quietly in the house and I would build stuff all day long with whatever I had in front of me.
So the point is YYR, be thankful your niece doesn't have low-key seats.
You'll know when your kids get older and you're like, and you're, you spend this money, like you buy them a trampoline and you're sick of your living room because you thought for some fucking reason that's going to be a great idea.
And then they play with it for a while and you're like, Oh, look, it's so nice that they're enjoying something.
And then they stop. And then it's like, it's like a cat.
You buy the cat a bunch of toys and it wants to play in the box.
And it's just, that's just kids and cats for you.
I'm going to chat at live.voggenetwork.com. Tiger class says, I bet Loki acted like his kid when he was his age.
I don't doubt that for a minute.
I did not. I was not a fucking terror like this.
I can ask my parents. I was quiet and I play.
Well, my wife says it's because she thinks I have Asperger's because, you know, of course, it's good.
That was nice. Your wife to sell that.
She tells me that all the time that I have Asperger's.
OK, I don't want I don't want to make light of what I understand.
But I'm just saying, because I am an introvert and I sit quietly and I will mess around with blocks or Legos or whatever for a long time.
And if you if you think there's something there, talk to a doctor.
I have. And they said, are you fucking crazy?
No, actually, they said that they don't know how to test adults, which doesn't make any sense considering I know adults that have been diagnosed.
OK, whatever. Maybe you need a doctor. All right.
I don't want to. This is a slippery slope because I know people.
This is a very serious thing for it. I don't want to make light of it. Right. Yeah.
So anyway, let's move on and talk about if you want to send an email, participate at orange launch radio dot com.
If you want to send us an email at a later time. And again, I, I, I think that's great that Labo is doing for other people.
Oh, the one thing I want to say about the disk comparison, the new one looks neat. The new driving one.
Here's the thing about the disk, though. When I get a sixty dollar disk like Kingdom Hearts three,
I know I'm going to play that for hours and hours and hours because I'm going to get what I want out of that,
which is a fully realized, fleshed out story game adventure thing.
I'm not getting like a tech demo, whereas Labo is kind of like tech demos and tech demos are cool for a minute.
Yeah. Nintendo is pretty guilty of doing this like time and time again.
Like, don't get me wrong, like I get it. We sports was a success and that was kind of a tech demo at the time.
The show off, you know, the capabilities of the Wii, but you can't keep doing that shit over and over.
Like we play and we sports plus and this and that. You know, I get it.
It's a neat idea. But what beyond the there's not like a deep gameplay there.
It's just you build the thing, you mess around with it a little bit and it's supposed to like inspire me to create new things.
Cool, but not really. I don't know.
All right. Participate at OrangeLoungeRadio.com if you want to send us an email for a future week.
Meanwhile, let's get back into some more gaming news. Loki.
OK. And of course, sorry, of course, I have to plug the Skype line.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype, if you want to give us a call a little later in the show.
So let's talk about once again, this Philip Musen, who was the guy that plagiarized stuff on IGN and then got fired from IGN.
We plagiarized his one reviewed Dead Cells. And then now he basically he went out on YouTube and.
Said, hey, you didn't really apologize for it and stuff and kind of like from what I understood,
just like kind of watching parts of it is kind of like, well, you know, this this has never really happened to me before, you know.
So good luck finding anything that else out there that plagiarized into which people looked at everything and found dozens of things that he's plagiarized and his different reviews.
And so because of that, IGN has actually gone back and they have removed all of his reviews from the site that he's done.
So. I mean, that's definitely interesting.
Basically, you know, there's a long list, including there's a band to review that he took inspiration from Polygon.
There was a video that he did on his channel that is basically reading expert excerpts from Wikipedia about Super Mario Odyssey and Shante Half Genie Hero.
Also, there's one that it was almost a word for word reading of a Neogaf post, even his LinkedIn as his resume is copied from a job template website.
So kind of silly, but, you know, I guess there's a certain definite pattern of behavior.
So. Is, of course, very.
It makes sense that why IGN would have removed all of his content off the site, because God knows where it came from.
God knows what else was plagiarism.
I don't know, like there's a part of me that's like, you know, God, like, you know, the entire Internet is just dragging this guy.
And I'm not saying he doesn't deserve it.
There's a part of me that kind of goes like, I wonder if he's like, sick.
Like, I wonder if this is something where like this like copy pasting thing and taking credit for it is some sort of like there's like a deeper thing.
You know, and again, I don't want to like make light of serious conditions for the second time here on the show.
But I'm just like, there is definitely that part of me is like, I hope this, you know, like I it sucks this guy did it.
And he deserved to not be writing for IGN because there are people that would have given everything to do that.
And he took opportunities like I don't want to like, you know, pretend like any of that.
But there's a part of me that says, you know what?
Instead of continuing to like kick this guy when he's down, I just kind of like I hope he finds peace.
I hope he's able to get to the bottom of why he felt this was OK for so long.
And like, I just I just God, I hope I hope he's able to, I guess, to quote the old Tyra Banks thing I quote a million times on this show.
Learn something from this, I hope.
Well, I mean, I just sounds like he's been doing this for a while.
So, I mean, he's probably figured, well, it's worked for me so far.
It's just that and it could I mean, I don't know, maybe he doesn't really think he's doing anything wrong.
Like he's like, well, I'm just phrasing things in a similar way or I'm you know, but I don't know.
But if that was the case, then like there'd be a lot of people accusing other articles of, you know.
I know, I was like in games journalism, though, like for real, for real.
Like we just talked about how the whole like classic Game of the Week thing is like kind of inspired by Wikipedia.
Now, here's the thing. I've never claimed to report news here on this show.
We discuss news. And so, yes, of course, we use a lot of various.
Yeah, we're not publishing information on a Web site.
Exactly. No, we're bringing some of the table and talking about it, you know, and that whole thing is what we're doing.
And like honestly, guys, like I would say 90 percent of podcasts you're listening to are probably doing a very, very, very similar thing.
And we're certainly hiring writers.
Yeah, we're the writers, you know, but the whole thing is free. Right.
So but anyway, my point with it all is like, honestly, since we do see so many different gaming Web sites with so many different topics and so forth,
like we also see like how many times is the same line just kind of run over and over on all these different sites?
Like people have straight up made up lies to see how far it goes and how many Web sites kind of copy paste the same thing,
or how many Web sites will just take the press release and massage a few words here, a few words there.
And that's the article that they publish. Like, you know what I mean?
I think where things got into a really sticky situation with this is that this went beyond news.
This went to opinion. That was the big no-no is that when it came to reviews and opinion, you can't copy.
It's one thing to regurgitate the news. You can't just regurgitate somebody's opinion.
You know what I mean? Like when I give you an opinion on games, that is my fucking opinion.
I might say I might reference like I was reading some people on the Internet saying this or I saw an article on such and such that said this.
You know, I might kind of throw that out there.
I can see where there might be some overlap if, like, for example, say there was like with the reviews, sometimes they'll give you information about the game, like where they're talking about different systems and whatnot.
They may have like bullet points describing the different systems in the game.
And maybe they will read both of them read off the same, you know, thing and didn't really make it their own that well.
But I don't think for the average YouTube reviewer, probably not the case.
I don't know. I just.
I think if that was the case, well, it would have been like, well, actually, you know, it wasn't copied from here.
It was reading off of this piece of, you know, this press release that I received with the review copy of this.
And so this is where I got my wording from, not this YouTube or something like that.
But that wasn't the case. It was just I didn't copy.
That was just a weird fluke. We just happen to use the same type of language.
Good luck finding more shit.
All right. Let's move on to another story.
And I'm going to read this word for word from VG 24 seven dot com.
A new report has come out suggesting that Nintendo is working on a port.
OK, no, I'm not going to read a word for word. Here's where the story is going.
They, of course, like half the Wii U games have become switch games.
Right. So what's the latest one they're talking about now?
New Super Mario Brothers U on the Wii U is the one that they're talking about getting moved over to the switch.
This is from a journalist named Liam Robertson, who I guess has this track record where it's like some of the things.
He's basically like when he reads the tea leaves, he reads them right, you know, majority of the time.
So that's where this is coming from.
He wrote this all in an article for Comic Book talking about sources that Nintendo of Europe
and other sources that he's not naming that have corroborated this information throughout the year.
This game, when it comes out, it's going to include the Luigi add on as they were doing on the Wii U towards the end of that.
You know, they were selling that as a bundle pack anyway.
So we don't know when it's going to be released.
The port could be this year is something that they're suggesting there.
I don't know why they wouldn't have announced that.
But it would also maybe lend something to why Nintendo keeps saying we have more that we haven't unveiled yet for this year.
Wink, wink, no judge.
But okay, there's also a part of me with this where it's like, okay, the new Super Mario Brothers Wii U and all that was a good game.
It's cool, but like, why not Mario Maker?
Yeah.
Why not give us all of the Mario in Mario Maker, which I think was a stronger Wii U title because you could make all this stuff.
Why not do that on the Switch? Why this?
I don't get it. I think that would be a lot easier.
Mario Maker with additional content. Oh, and then we have Super Mario Brothers 2.
Or maybe one of the Game Boy games.
Because I don't know how well two would blend with the others.
I'd like to put some things from two in there, maybe.
Okay, you know what? Do this. If you can't get an actual skin, do a Wario skin.
Where now it's Wario and everything looks funky like a WarioWare type of thing.
It's all hand drawn or something. They could come up with something that would be silly and appropriate.
So I would like to see that.
And if the release is only $20 in digital or something, then that might be cool too.
I wonder if, I'm gonna throw something else out there, maybe part of the reason they're hanging on to this is that maybe with this new version you can play with your friends online.
Because it was four player all in the same room.
So there's my little guess is that maybe the new twist is you can play with four players online.
And so that's why they're revisiting this and why it hasn't been released yet.
It's part of their big online thing.
I'm throwing a crazy tip for Hatton.
This is just not a game that I would be like, oh my god, I need to play this online. I don't know.
It's just...
No.
Thank you for the validation.
Dartitsia says, oh Rob may be onto something.
I kind of think if we're going down this road, that's where this might end up.
And for the record, that's not in the original article.
That is my prediction.
My own tea leaf reading there is that that might be the spin that they put on it to make it different.
Is that now instead of playing all in the same room, you can play across the internet.
Of course, I would think Mario Party would be the game to do that with.
But we know we're getting a Mario Party that has some kind of online functionality.
Or Mario Maker with two player mode.
I would love Mario Maker, but maybe this is the precursor to that. Who knows? I don't know.
We'll see.
Alright, Mega Man X...
Oh, my Zelda Maker!
Mega Man X400 in chat says, online, great, but without voice chat? Kind of lame.
Well, Nintendo's got an app for you, my friend.
You've probably never used it, because you have no reason to use it when you have Discord.
But did you know, Nintendo has an app, my friend.
And all your voice chat can be done through the app.
I still don't fucking get that. Especially when, was it Fortnite?
Voice chat through the console?
I know.
It's like, we can't do it. It's physically not possible.
Wait, what about that?
Uhhhh, fuck.
Alright. Let's move on, Loki.
I don't fucking get it. I don't understand.
This is exciting news, and I know it seems like every few years we read something about time splitters,
and I'm like, woo, new time splitters! But then nothing ever happens.
And that's, you know, unfortunate.
But at least this might mean something.
So THQ Nordic has acquired the licenses for, or the IP for time splitters and second sight.
And they announced, I guess, that was made through Kotch Media, which is a subsidiary of THQ Nordic.
Time splitters, of course, was considered one of the most influential console games of the early 2000s.
And then second sight, it was a science fiction action adventure game.
I never played second sight, but time splitters, I played all three of those games, and they are fucking amazing.
So, not sure what's coming with those, but I want more time splitters.
I'm down for that, whenever that happens.
Yeah, I think a lot of people are really waiting for a new entry in that series.
I mean, the pandemic was working out for a while. Now, I need it.
It's so funny to me how THQ goes under, now they're back because somebody else took the name,
and now all these old franchises are coming back. It's kind of interesting how that all goes full circle.
Alright, well, I know some of you all are very happy to see Double Dare back on TV.
Do you watch that with your kids, the new Double Dare?
No, I don't. Cable.
Uh oh, I guess that makes sense. I guess a lot of people don't in this day and age.
Well, the new Double Dare apparently is pretty good. A lot of people are enjoying it.
I haven't really watched it either. I'm just, you know, I'm kind of in your boat.
I don't really ever watch Cable anymore.
But, some people are also exploring the love of Double Dare through a new Facebook game.
Hey, remember that whole chat about Facebook Messenger really trying to push the game thing?
Well, now they've got an agreement where they've got Double Dare on Facebook Messenger.
So, you can challenge friends and keep track of who is winning on a leaderboard inside the game.
If you go to Facebook Messenger and do games, you type Double Dare, you can, I guess, find it there.
I guess it's already there. You answer Double Dare questions.
You can compete in physical challenge mini games. I have no idea how that works.
Does that use AR or something like that? Or do you have to, like, use the video somehow?
I don't know. It sounds a little shady, but whatever.
So, I haven't seen how that works yet.
So, I can't imagine you have a giant nose in your house that you have to search through to get the flag.
So, I guess they must have to get creative with some things like that.
Anyway, the play is one-on-one, but you can play it within a group chat if you want.
So, anywhere. Anyway, if you want to check that out, it is within Facebook Messenger.
I just kind of think it's neat that they have this newer property that people are into right now with Double Dare coming back.
Even though, again, I don't get how it plays like the real show.
But, hey, game shows as games, I think are, you know what?
So much of what I used to play on Commodore 64 were game show games.
Family Feud, Wheel of Fortune, Jeopardy, Card Sharks.
Like, all those games had Commodore 64 versions.
Most of them had Nintendo versions, too.
So, game shows always make good adaptations into games, usually.
Yeah, they had a PC game for Double Dare at Commodore 64.
Back in the day, yeah, they did. Back in the day, they sure did.
I don't think it's, you know, certainly they haven't made one in a long time.
I think there was a Double Dare game on the NES.
I might be wrong, but I think there was one there.
And then, of course, then you got games that are like game shows,
but anticipation was always super game show-y to me.
Even though, I guess it was really more of a board game,
but it kind of felt like the presentation was very much like a game show.
Man, I miss that game. Why don't they make games like Anticipation anymore?
Of course, if you play Anticipation enough, you just kind of have all the drawings memorized.
You start to see two lines, you're like, oh, house. Oh, hammer.
You know what they all are.
All right, anyhow, just a few more stories for you guys.
This is in the Skype line at Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
All right, so this is unfortunate news,
but apparently one of the voice actors of the Pokmon series,
the voice of Professor Oak, has died.
So, voice actor Unsho Isazuka.
I've been voicing him, I guess, since 1997.
And, yeah, he passed away, unfortunately.
He did a lot more than just Professor Oak,
but I think that's where a lot of gamer people are going to know him from.
Right, yeah.
But, yeah, that's unfortunate, though,
because he's like a main character of the show.
Sure, sure.
And he wasn't all that old.
I mean, 68 or 67, I think, yeah, 68 was what he was when he passed away
due to esophageal cancer.
Ah, that sucks.
Especially when cancer gets, you know, we were talking earlier in the show
about, like, Satoru Iwata, and, you know, how, you know,
we were talking about the whole Smash Brothers moral quandary or whatever,
but, you know, he was very young when he passed,
and that was cancer-related, wasn't it, if I remember right?
Yeah, so.
And then, of course, we just lost Aretha Franklin this past week, you know.
She was a little bit old.
She was the same age as my mom when she passed,
and my mom didn't pass from cancer,
but as we all know, Aretha Franklin did, and that's, you know, also very tragic.
So, all right, anyway, sorry, I didn't mean to be a downer,
but, you know, we have to pay our respects.
And, yes, I agree with the chat room is lighting up with,
cancer sucks, fuck cancer.
Absolutely. Agreed. Fuck cancer.
All right, one more story for you guys.
This is a very kind of atypical sort of report on a new game that's coming out,
but I just, I thought this was a very neat sort of thing for gaming,
and it has to do with, like, charitable stuff in a game,
but this game also kind of takes it one step further.
Like, for example, Hellblade, Senua's Sacrifice, you know,
that game did very well, and Ninja Theory actually donated proceeds
from that game on World Mental Health Day.
They donated all the proceeds at the sale of that game,
and they also donated another $25,000 when it got to the $50,000 threshold on Xbox One.
And then there's a game called I Hope, which was a cancer treatment game,
speaking of fuck cancer.
This game, I Hope, donates the proceeds to children's cancer treatment and research.
So now we have a new game coming out from Delve Interactive
that's a game about homelessness that will donate a portion of the proceeds to homeless charities.
The game is called Change, and in Change, you actually play as a homeless individual
on the streets of a city, and the city is actually procedurally generated,
basically meaning that, you know, it's going to be infinite, I suppose.
The skills that you have and the dog that keep you company
will be the only things that you have in the game.
You will have to battle the elements.
You have to improve on skills that will let you improve the situation,
and the narrative in the game is also procedurally generated
so that your playthroughs will not be the same.
This is all coming from a three-person development team,
and they're drawing from their experience of nearly being homeless in their own shoes
when they were developing the game Poncho,
and so that's kind of the inspiration for the game.
They've also promised they will donate 20% of what the game makes
to a UK-based charity called Crysis that wants to end homelessness in our lifetime.
So I did think this was just... I just really liked the concept.
I mean, obviously, I think homelessness is a very, very tricky situation
that is hard for many people to deal with and so forth,
but I think it's really neat when a video game can kind of put you in those shoes
to think about that, to think about maybe why some of these charities
maybe need the money and so forth,
and I think that's just a really neat way that video games can kind of be expressive
when we get into this whole debate about are video games art or what's the whole deal?
I think this is a really neat expression using video games
to kind of put these feelings that these guys felt
when they were almost homeless themselves into a game and some of those challenges,
and then trying to do some real good from that.
I think with all the horrible stuff we read about with video games sometimes,
I thought this was just a really nice thing to read about.
Anyway, if you want to check this out, you can on Steam Early Access on September 18th.
They are also planning to release for iPad perhaps mobile devices as well.
That is where the game is being scheduled to be released,
so you can check that out.
So you can now give us a call if you'd like.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
The Skype line is open for you to give us a call.
Go into our chat over at live.vognetwork.com.
Some folks sharing their stories with cancer and why it pisses them off,
and yeah, it's horrible.
All right, we've got some calls coming in. Let's get to it.
And then I'll ask you for last minute stories as well, Loki.
Hi, you're on Orange Lounge Radio. Who's this?
Hey, this is Regineer.
Hey, what's on your mind tonight, Regineer?
No, a whole lot.
Since you were talking about Steam and all that earlier in the show,
I would like to pose a question to you.
Okay.
Well, everyone knows the whole back story to me and to PC Gaming,
so I won't bother retelling it now.
It'll be too long-winded.
But with that story being said,
have there been any platforms or games that you heard
other people hype up for the longest time?
And you said, you know, what's the big deal?
I won't bother.
Then you finally break down.
Why the hell did I not get into this earlier?
Yes, yes.
An answer immediately jumped in my head.
The Sega Dreamcast, easily.
When the Sega Dreamcast was new,
all these people were super into it,
and I was like, but Sega systems, they're never...
And this is a good thing Jamie isn't here,
because she'd read me up and down for this,
but this is how I used to feel and not how I feel now.
I used to be like, oh, Sega systems are not nearly as good
as the Nintendo and the other stuff that comes out.
Sega Dreamcast is going to blow, whatever.
And then finally I pick one up and I was like, oh, my God, I'm an idiot.
These games are fucking amazing, and the system deserves to do better.
I think a lot of people kind of misread the Dreamcast,
and that's part of the reason why it just didn't do as good as it deserved to.
I mean, we joke that it was ahead of its time, but it kind of was.
And some folks in chat agreeing with me there, Dungeon Busters saying,
yay, Dreamcast, Act F saying, yep, the Sega Dreamcast for me too.
I feel bad for the Dreamcast in that aspect. It was an amazing system.
Loki, do you feel similar, or is there a different thing that jumps to your mind
when we talk about platforms?
Yeah, I guess the Dreamcast, I don't know.
I wasn't really into the Dreamcast,
but then I got into it way later, when it was over.
You know what else I didn't like at first, Rage Nator? This might surprise you.
The other system I didn't like at first? The Nintendo 64.
Oh, really?
Yeah, when I first played it, I didn't get the hype with Mario.
In fact, kind of to this day, I still think Mario 64 might be a little bit overrated,
but okay, some people remember it fondly and so forth,
and I do love Mario Odyssey, so its roots are definitely in Mario 64.
But at the time, I was like, it's all blocky, and why does everything have to be 3D?
Why are they shoving 3D down our throats?
Maybe that was just me being an old man at the age of 18, or whenever the Nintendo 64 came out.
But that was a system I didn't really grow to appreciate until later on too,
because I didn't buy a Nintendo 64 until I got a big one that looked like Pikachu
that the lights lit up when you turned it on. It was really fucking adorable.
Yeah, here's the thing with the Nintendo 64.
I got mine in April of 1997 because I came into a little bit of money,
and when I got that money, the first thing I got was the Nintendo 64,
because up until that point, I had been a Nintendo fanboy in hell.
I have nothing against the system, and Nintendo as a whole, great company and all that,
but if I were to be nitpicky at all, it's the fact that during the system's lifespan,
the really top-notch quality games were very slow to trickle out,
and not only that, but if you compare the multiplatform games at the time,
the N64 games were considerably more expensive than, say, the PlayStation 1 versions.
Right, with the cartridge versus disc was a huge thing that kind of came up years later,
may have been a misstep for Nintendo, but some still swear by the Nintendo 64, so eh.
What about, Ray Jander, if I were to flip this question on you, what would have been your answer?
Well, I'm not really answering the question outright, but in fact I'll change up the question a little bit.
How dare you answer the question?
Well, there's one thing that I kind of regret not buying. It was the Sega Saturn.
If only because, you know, at the same time I was buying the N64, and like two weeks later I got the PlayStation 1.
I also saw the Sega Saturn at a kiosk at what was my local Toys R Us, and they were showing off Panzer Dragoon.
I thought, oh my god, this game is gorgeous. I can only afford two systems. I already got the N64.
Do I get the PlayStation 1 or do I get the Saturn? Eeny, meeny, miny, moe.
So we all slept on Sega is the moral of the story.
Basically, yeah.
All right. Ray Jander, I'm going to let you go so we can get some more calls, but thank you.
All right, have a good one.
Take care, my friend. Bye bye.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype if you want to get through.
Tell us about how you misunderstood Sega or yell at it.
As a Sega fanboy, here's your opportunity to call in and say, god damn you all, I was right this whole time.
And be the gaming hipster you know you want to be.
Loki, any last minute stories we're going to get to?
Yeah, let's talk about the whole PlayStation live streaming.
So live from PlayStation, they have a big source where you can view different game shares and stuff like that.
Also pornography, because apparently people are somehow getting pornography into that live from PlayStation.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. I remember when the system was first out it had this problem because...
No, but this is different though. This isn't people filming themselves in front of the PlayStation.
I miss the days of playroom streams and the random fucking shit that would happen.
It's not that, which is weird because they did have where you could film your own talk shows and stuff.
They have effects you could trigger through your phone. They could do that.
Well, Twitch has an IRL channel and a talk show channel.
If we wanted to do this show on Twitch, we could do that very easily.
But no, this is somehow, and I don't understand how they're doing it though,
because it shows a picture of Mafia 3. This is the game where it's from.
But then it's literally an image from the internet.
I don't know if they are playing Mafia 3 and somehow go to the internet browser and pull up porn and then do a screen share.
And then it captures it as Mafia 3 or something.
Weird.
But somehow porn is getting into there.
And the story came out because this guy, basically his kids were looking for gameplay footage from Overcooked 2.
And so they were searching for Overcooked 2 gameplay footage.
Something was definitely in the oven too long.
And then instead they got lesbian porn.
Actually that's not lesbian porn, that's just regular porn.
And naked women.
Because curation.
I see.
This is like the Steam platform.
This is the precursor of what we're going to expect in Steam.
Pornography.
So that was on Sony's little thing.
And Sony's like, they're live from Playstation.
It's basically the sharing.
You know how you can see the Playstation share feeds or whatever.
I wonder how they did that where they got the screen.
Because you can only get listed in that if you are streaming from your Playstation.
You can't get listed by going on Twitch and doing that.
But I guess you can post actual pictures too.
You know how you can share photos and stuff.
But it says right here, it says Mafia 3.
It says don't report, I am just trying to bring some fun.
And it's like a picture of some Playboy model.
Don't report.
I love it.
So I'm not sure how they're doing it, but it's being done.
Alright, last chance to get in you guys.
Orange Lounge Radio, all one word on Skype.
Anything else to share with us, Loki?
Well, not yet, but there's a whole...
I don't try to get into NeoGaf drama, but there's NeoGaf drama regarding Patrick...
I thought everybody went to a new one now.
No, no, no, they're back.
But Patrick Klepek, I guess, he's a games journalist who is now coming after somebody in esports.
You know this is the end of the fucking show and we're scraping the bottom of the barrel.
This is the bottom of the barrel.
We looked through the barrel of news and we found some crap on the bottom.
Half-eaten sandwich.
So they're basically dredging up old photos from him in college where he's being very misogynistic and shit.
This is the day and age where we are now.
Where if you don't like somebody, you just dig into their social media history until you find some dirt on them and then expose it.
Maybe people should quit enabling those people.
Have you ever considered not enabling those people that like to dig back 10, 15 years?
Didn't I get into this just last week on OLR when we were talking about the OLR archive?
Yeah, I don't get it either.
I'm like, I probably said something shitty 15 years ago that I wouldn't say today.
So I'm going to just kind of put that out there now.
But the problem is though is, and we see this like even with like Disney where they fired, you know, James Gunn and stuff that companies will take this serious.
And they're thinking, well, we want them to get fired from his company because how dare you say something that we don't like you saying about somebody.
And so you should lose your job for that because I hate you.
I mean, it's stupid. It's the fuck. It's stupid.
This is close to home for something that I know a lot of people going through a situation right now.
And I'm just like, when are people going to blame these enablers, the people that enable these sick people?
It's because these people are all anonymous. It's because they're all anonymous.
Because if they were actual like people.
Stop enabling bully campaigns. Stop it.
That's all I have to say.
Let's see. Orange Laundry, all one word on Skype. Last chance to get through.
I don't know if anybody else is going to get through.
But some comments in chat at live.vognetwork.com.
SJ100Matt says, I think we would live happier lives if we stayed off social media.
True. But then it's like, but what about all the good things Twitter has done?
Which is, I say that very tongue in cheek. Like I really, really do think that Jack needs to not be in charge of Twitter anymore.
He's a bad CEO. He's bad for the company. He needs to leave Twitter.
But I'm not going to just leave Twitter without something else to fall back on.
I'm sorry. Mastodon is not that place.
Mastodon, I want to like Mastodon. It's too, it's too all over the place.
It's too hard to explain to other people.
The thing about Twitter, it's super fucking easy and you get it on your phone.
That's the thing. And I have so many great connections on Twitter.
And people that I talk to on Twitter that I like don't want to lose that.
But I've been so tempted to be like, I'm not coming back to this fucking place until you ban the Nazi accounts and you get rid of Jack.
Like, but I can't do it. There's too many people I'm too close with on Twitter.
And we have nowhere else to go.
And that's apparently I think this. So according to this thread I'm reading here, apparently their porn is a collectible in Mafia three.
I don't know if it's necessarily the image that they're showing on here, but apparently some of these Playboy images are parts.
It could be a collectible item in the game. Although what I'm seeing now, I think that's vintage Playboy, at least not Mafia three stuff.
MXC in chat says Discord is taking Twitter's place for me as a means to chat with my friends and people with similar interests.
That's a very interesting thought on that is that maybe I just need to invite all my Twitter friends into like a Discord place.
I don't know. Anyway.
All right. Well, we do have a VoG network Discord. There's lots of rad people there.
Maybe not all my Twitter people, but VoGnetwork.com slash Discord.
If you want to talk to me on Discord, that's a great place to find me.
And there's no Orange Lawn Radio channel. A lot of awesome people share stories there throughout the week.
Once in a while I'll reply. Many times I'll just respond with the Mr. Smoosh emote icon that Bobby Black Wolf put in there for me.
I think he did that. It would either have been him or Darktitsu. I'm pretty sure that's a Bobby thing where he put the Mr. Smoosh.
And so I just react to everything with Mr. Smoosh. Happy news, Mr. Smoosh. Sad news, Mr. Smoosh.
So if I react with Mr. Smoosh, you at least know that I read and I had a reaction to your story that was appropriate.
Yes, Bobby Black Wolf says I also put my Wolfie logo in there. I think it's funny because technically we have that little orange thing that my ex from 2002 made.
That little vector orange looking thing that was in the old OLR logo. Technically we have that.
And I guess we have the Xbox Live pixel art thing that you did years ago that actually was on Xbox for a short time.
You can't get it anymore, but you could get it. The little OLR logo. If you look at my gamer profile on Xbox, I'm never going to get rid of it.
So, you know, they'll have to take it from my profile. So there's that. So we do have our own little logos, but I do love that it's like, okay, we got the Bobby Black Wolf and we got Mr. Smoosh.
It's like the OLR logo. I'm actually okay with that.
I'm not saying that as a read. I'm okay with it, actually.
Oh, I should see if they have scoozy stuff on them.
Yeah, you want to buy some more ferrets? All right. That's it. We're going to be done here on the Skype line because nobody else is calling.
But you can always send us an email. Participate at Orange Launch Radio is the place to send us an email.
Hey, thanks you guys for tuning into another episode of Orange Launch Radio. We appreciate it.
If you enjoyed what you heard here at Orange Launch Radio, please tell a friend or two about the show.
Help us spread the word because we are the show where every gamer has a voice, but if the voices aren't here, how are we to spread the word?
So definitely help us in telling a friend or two about the show.
A nice five star review on a site like iTunes or wherever it is you found this podcast would go an awful long way as well.
We really appreciate all of those. So that's going to about wrap it up, but not until I get final thoughts.
Loki, thank you for holding down the fort with me still while we feel the absence of Dark Sakura for a little bit longer here.
But it's always fun to sit here and listen to you get louder and louder over the craziest things like fruit this week and fruit raising.
Any final thoughts for our listeners tonight?
My final thought is I'm going to hopefully work on game development again because I stopped working on that space shooter one.
So I have like I literally have like a dozen projects that I want to work on.
And that one wasn't quite it's just too involved what I want to do with it.
And so I kind of step back from that right now because I just didn't want to do it right now.
And this is more exciting. So I'm going to go with this and we'll see. I may go back to it. I jump around.
So that's it.
All right. And my final thought tonight is, yeah.
Def is asking, is there going to be a post-show stream?
I don't I don't think there is going to be one tonight, but I'll probably get to one during the week.
I'm trying to think of like what to play on stream.
So if you guys have ideas like maybe there's just an RPG I really need to play through.
I thought about maybe restarting Kingdom Hearts and streaming some of that because, you know, Kingdom Hearts three is coming out.
And damned if I remember the old games at all.
So there's a I was like, maybe I'll just get a copy of the Kingdom Hearts redo and play through some of that.
I need to play through the whole thing, but I don't have that kind of time to set aside to.
Yeah, I do want to play Skyrim completely modded the fuck out and broken.
But I think people have done that. And that's kind of I don't know.
I don't know what people would want to watch me play.
And it's also hard because I don't really have a place that I can record like that for.
Well, one, my game recording hardware.
Somebody has I think I think Jamie has it now.
Jamie has it now. OK, well, Jamie.
Where's the Flaco Flaco had it.
I don't know if Jamie has it now. Somebody has it.
Somebody has it. It's I hate to say it, though.
But at this point, it's kind of dated technology because the lag is going to be really big on that.
That's the only problem. So at this point, you might want to just write off your loss and get something that's a little more like current.
Yeah, I wasn't expensive about that. Like, yeah. Years ago. Yeah.
So but I don't have the setup and I don't have like I'd have to go out into the garage and do it.
And I just don't have the setup for that. I hear you. I hear you. All right.
We're out of here for tonight, though. Thank you guys so much for listening to Orange Lawns Radio.
Have a great week. We'll see you here in seven days. We will be back in seven days and then we'll be off for a couple of weeks.
So be here next week. I'll see. I'm also trying to get some guests here to join us in studio.
So look forward to that. I'm going to try to get somebody here next week. So have a great night, everybody. Bye.
You've been listening to Orange Lounge Radio. Orange Lounge Radio is a production of OLR Studios.
To join us for a live show, tune into VOG Network dot com Sunday nights at 6 p.m. Pacific, 9 p.m. Eastern.
The views and opinions expressed in this program do not necessarily reflect those of the staff of Orange Lounge Radio or VOG Network.
But you know, they were all still true.
See you next week.
Thank you.